0	There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
1	C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
2	Wait, does he eat chalk?
2	Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
0	Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
3	Sounds like a date to me.
3	Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
3	Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
1	Never had that dream.
3	All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring.
0	And they weren't looking at you before?!
3	nd it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
1	This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
0	Are you okay, sweetie?
4	I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
0	(explaining to the others) Carol moved her stuff out today.
0	(to Ross) Let me get you some coffee.
4	No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
4	I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
4	No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
1	And you never knew she was a lesbian...
4	No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
3	Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?
4	I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
0	Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren."was what? A wrong number?
1	Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
1	Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
4	I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
3	And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)
5	Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
0	(pointing at Rachel) De-caff. (to All) Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (to Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
0	So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
5	Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
0	Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
0	Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
3	(imitating the characters) Tuna or egg salad? Decide!
4	(in a deep voice) I'll have whatever Christine is having.
5	(on phone) Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
3	(re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
1	I say push her down the stairs.
1	Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
5	C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
4	You can see where he'd have trouble.
5	Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
0	Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
5	Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
0	Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
2	(sings) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, (Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.) bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...
5	I'm all better now.
0	Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.
1	(comforting her) And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
0	Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
1	What, like there's a rule or something?
3	Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
4	Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
4	He finally asked you out?
3	Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
0	Rach, wait, I can cancel...
5	Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
0	(to Ross) Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
4	(choked voice) That'd be good...
4	(normal voice) No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
2	What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? (Chandler doesn't know.)
0	Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. (They are all lined up next to the door.)... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
3	I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
2	Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
1	Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
4	So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
5	Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
4	Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- (thinks) -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
3	(deadpan) Yes, and we're very excited about it.
5	Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.
1	Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
2	Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
2	(singing) Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- (some guy gives her some change and to that guy) Thank you. (sings) La-la-la-la...ohhh!
4	(squatting and reading the instructions) I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
1	I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
3	It's a beautiful thing.
3	I broke up with her.
4	Don't tell me, because of the big nostril thing?
3	They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
5	Come on, they were not that huge.
3	I'm tellin' you, she leaned back; I could see her brain.
0	How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
1	Hold it, hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
4	I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.
1	You guys are messing with me, right?
1	That was a good one. For a second there, I was like, "whoa."
0	(entering from her bedroom carrying a present) Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist. (There a little pair of Nike shoes.)
2	Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. (Ben starts to cry) Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
3	You know, it's... (sees the feeding taking place next to him) something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. (Goes into the kitchen)
1	(joins him) I gotta get one, too.
4	(following them into the kitchen) What are you guys doing?
3	We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
4	Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
1	Done with the bookcase!
4	(clutching a beer can and sniffing) This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
1	Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
3	Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
1	Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
0	My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
0	You actually broke her watch?
5	Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (She stops talking and dials the phone.) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...
4	I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
4	That only took me an hour.
2	You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.
4	"'Cause she doesn't hate Yanni,"is not a real reason.
0	(opening the door) Hello, Mr. Heckles.
0	We're not doing anything.
5	You don't have birds.
0	Okay, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down.
5	All right, bye-bye.
3	Okay, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
4	We'll give you Janice.
2	I miss Janice though. (Imitating Janice) "Hello, Chandler Bing."
1	(doing Janice) "Oh, Chandler, now, now, that's it. There, faster!"(He turns around and everyone is staring at him.)
0	Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.
1	Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
4	This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
3	Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
3	So, uh, how often can you do it?
1	Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?
5	Yeah, I forget which ones.
4	You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
1	What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
4	I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
0	What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?
0	Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
0	Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
0	(spitting out her drink in shock) Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
0	I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
0	Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!
0	(pause)...Yeah. Yeah, I do.
5	Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!
4	She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.
0	I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?
4	I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.
1	Do we have to know about that?
0	Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
1	I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
3	Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
4	God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.
5	How did this happen?
4	Sure, you coulda. You never know.
2	Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. (Screaming) Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
2	I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. (Everyone groans) That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
2	Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?
4	Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?
4	You don't believe in evolution?
2	I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
4	Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, is-is too easy?
2	Yeah, I just don't buy it.
4	Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
2	Ok, don't get me started on gravity.
4	You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
2	Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
5	(to Julie) Thank you. (under her breath to Chandler) What a bitch.
2	I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
0	Ok, um, I'll go with you.
1	Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
0	It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
2	Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
4	(to Monica) So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?
0	Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.
5	Hi, hi can I help you?
5	Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her.
1	This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
0	I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
2	I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
0	Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
4	You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
2	OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.
2	Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her"but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god."So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
5	Oh my god. Oh my god. (She decides to make a break for it.) Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me! (She tries climbing over a bench and falls down.)
5	Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you? (Hits him with the flowers.)
4	It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
5	I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything. (Looks at Julie)
4	Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
5	These are, these aren't for you. (to Julie) These are for you. (Loudly, thinking she can't speak English.) Welcome to our country.
5	Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
4	(scornful) Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
1	Great story! But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea... Oh man, (looks to Chandler)
3	Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
1	Right. Thanks. It's June. I'm outta here. (Exits.)
4	Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask? (He gazes out of the window.)
5	Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
5	Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
3	If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
1	Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
0	(entering, to herself) Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
5	Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.
5	What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
3	You have to pick your moments.
2	Did I miss it, did I miss it?
4	She's not even here yet.
0	What's with the guitar?
2	I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
4	(to Carol) Where the hell have you been?
3	I used to have that bumper sticker.
3	(to Rachel) You see what I mean.
3	Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
0	What can we do for you?
0	Well, what about his family?
5	Ok, so let's talk money.
0	I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?
0	Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
5	Have you ever seen so much crap?
3	Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
1	Check this out. Can I have this? (It's a giant magnifying glass on a stand.)
4	How can you not believe in evolution?
2	Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!
4	Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
2	Really? You can actually see it?
4	It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.
1	What's he doin' in my section?
1	Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? (To the Hombre Man) Hey, how ya doin'?
1	Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
1	Yeah. Bijan for men?
0	Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.
0	We were shopping, and we had lunch.
2	Oh, all right. What did I have?
2	Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.
5	(entering) Hey, guys, what's up.
2	I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.
0	Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
0	I can't believe you didn't tell me.
2	Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.
0	What have I not told you?
2	Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
0	Wait a minute, who told you? (turns to Chandler who's looking sheepish) You are dead meat.
3	I didn't know it was a big secret.
0	Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple!
2	You have a third nipple?
4	Whip it out, whip it out.
2	Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
3	(walks into the living room) C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
0	I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
2	Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
0	Guys, you got your hair cut.
3	Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
2	'Cause, you know, (in that voice) if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
5	(entering, out of breath) Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
3	Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
5	(to Chandler) You, you, you said he liked me. (Ross and Julie enter) You, you slowpokes!
4	That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler. Phoebe. Joey, what up?
4	Everyone, this is Julie.
4	The screaming guy?
4	You gotta hear this story.
1	That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
0	Shut up, and put my table back.
3	All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
5	So, like, you guys all have jobs?
0	Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
1	Yeah, I'm an actor.
5	Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
1	I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
0	Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio
1	Look, it was a job all right?
3	'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
1	I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)
0	So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
4	And here's little Ben nodding off...
0	Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!
2	Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
5	Oh, let me see! (grabs picture) Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
4	(quietly) That would be nice.
3	Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. (walks over to where Joey is seated)
4	59 seconds. (holds up his watch) Quartz, ha.
4	I got it - I'm getting it!
5	Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
5	And if you need anything else, I - (notices the handsome Dr. Franzblau) - do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
3	Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
0	Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.
3	Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that.
1	(to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.
1	Hey, listen, lady....(sees that she's pregnant)...whoa.
4	You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.
2	See, I didn't know that.
4	Well, there you go.
2	Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
3	(holding a book) Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
1	Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
3	April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
5	Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. (She's holding a lamp made from seashells.) Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
0	Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
5	What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girlie clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool. (It's a girl in a bikini and pasties standing behind an alarm clock.)
0	It doesn't go with any of my stuff.
5	Well, what about my stuff?
4	Man, I sure miss Julie.
3	Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. (The phone rings and Chandler doesn't answer it.)
4	You ever figure out what that thing's for?
3	No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
5	Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?
2	Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.
5	You went shopping for fur?
2	Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, (sees Monica pointing at her chest) uh, boobs.
2	(Monica is yanking on her bra strap) Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras.
1	(to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees it's a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
1	(To a co-worker) Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. (A customer walks by.) Bijan for men? (The customer ignores him, and Joey starts to chase him) Bijan for men?!
4	Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
5	Oh, this is so cute.
5	Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?
1	I can't believe you. You told me it was a nubbin.
4	Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
1	I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
3	Joey was in a porno movie.
3	If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
4	You were in a porno?
1	Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
4	(to Chandler) So what's it shaped like?
2	Yeah, is there a hair on it?
1	What happens if you flick it?
4	So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
3	Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
3	Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
5	And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
0	This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
4	But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
5	Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
0	(to Julie) It's an expression.
4	Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
4	Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.
3	Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
4	Hey, Rach, can I get some coffee?
3	I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
1	No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
4	I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
0	(looking out of the window) Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
4	I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
5	Oh, that is so sick.
3	I feel violated. And not in a good way.
2	How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
3	I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
0	So have you called her yet?
5	I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
0	I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
0	Well, it's like that. With feelings.
5	Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
5	Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
0	Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
5	Oh, look, wish me luck!
5	I'm gonna go get one of those (Thinks) job things.
0	Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?
0	How do you do that?
0	You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?
1	Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
3	Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
1	I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
3	(sigh)... And where's this money coming from? (gives money to Joey)
1	Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
4	(overhearing) What kind of research?
1	Oh, just, y'know.... science.
4	Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. (everyone's interest is piqued, they all look over)
1	(sigh)... It's a fertility study.
1	Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
2	Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!
0	OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
2	We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... (hands meat to Monica)
1	We make fire. Cook meat.
3	Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
1	Oh yeah? And who do you like?
1	The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?
1	Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!
1	Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
4	Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
0	You don't have any stuff.
5	You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?
5	Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
5	Ok, while you "mmm"on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
4	Ok, Pheebs. (He's holding two little toys.) See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
2	Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.
4	Please tell me you're joking.
2	Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
4	No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because -
2	What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
4	(To Chandler) Is there blood coming out of my ears?
1	Check it out, check it out. Heckles' high school yearbook.
3	Wow, he looks so normal.
2	He's even kind of cute.
1	"Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school."
2	Tell him, tell him.
0	Just...please tell him.
0	Look at you, you won't even look at him.
3	(sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
5	All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
2	Doing it on this table. (points at the table)
1	Exellent dream score.
4	Why, why, why would you dream that?
3	More importantly, was I any good?
3	(on phone) What've you been up to?
3	Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. (To Ross) I love her.
3	Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
3	Ok. (He hangs up.) Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
4	Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "Hey, you're not Bob."
3	I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
4	Oh my god. You are pure evil.
3	Ok, pure evil (holds up his left hand), horny and alone (holds up his right hand). I've done this (He shakes his right hand.)
4	Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
3	Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
2	Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? Y'know, like from, like 20?
3	Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
1	How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
0	I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
5	Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
0	I know. It's just such reckless spending.
4	I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
3	Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
2	Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! (Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa)
4	Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- (Marcel runs toward Rachel's room) come here, Marcel-
5	Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
0	Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
4	My mommies love me. That's clever.
0	Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju - (Sees Rachel is watching) - Hi, Jew! (Walks into the kitchen.) (Listens.) Uh huh? (Listens.) Uh huh? (Listens) Ok. (Listens) Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye. (Hangs up.)
5	Did you just say Hi, Jew?
0	Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
4	Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
2	Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok. (Squirts some on her wrist and tastes it.)
3	What did you just do?
2	I licked my arm, what?
5	Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.
1	What is the big deal? (Tastes the breast milk.)
4	You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?
5	(to Monica at the counter) Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.
0	Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
5	Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
2	Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.
3	No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
0	I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
2	OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
4	(holding cream pitcher) Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. (holds pitcher in front of Chandler's chest and flips the lid) Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
3	Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .
4	OK sweetie, I'll see you later.
5	Hey, c'mon, cut it out.
4	Can I ask you somethin'?
3	Hey, Rach, can I get...
5	Did you talk to him?
3	So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
4	I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
3	Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
4	Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
3	Well, you owe me one, big guy.
5	(To Ross) Here's your lemonade.
4	I didn't order lemonade.
5	Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
5	Go-go-go-go, come on! (Ross goes over to the counte) (to Chandler) So uh, what did you find out?
3	He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
5	How is that the silver lining?
3	Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right?
0	I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
2	Oh, God, just do it! (Grabbing the phone.) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
3	Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (Calls her, then hurriedly hangs up.) I got her machine.
1	Her answer machine?
3	No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
2	So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
3	Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
0	Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
4	Okay, okay, what's going on?
2	Okay, they're just talking...
4	Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
1	(sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!
0	Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
4	I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
2	Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
0	Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
2	All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. (She starts massaging them.)
0	I just thought he was nice, y'know?
1	(bursts out laughing again) I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!
5	Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
3	And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
5	You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
3	Oh, how well you know me...
5	They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
0	How'd you pay for them?
0	Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
2	So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your (provocatively) special someone?
1	I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
0	Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
1	What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?
1	Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
2	How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
4	I'm going to China.
2	Jeez, you say one thing, and...
0	You're going to China?
4	Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the bo - it's - it's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary (hands a sheet of paper to Monica). Um... here's a picture of me... (hands it to Monica)
4	(to Monica): Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
2	Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... (puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her) Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
4	Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
2	Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
0	No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
3	All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
0	Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
3	Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
0	Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
0	What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
3	Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in)
2	Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
0	Did you go home and change?
5	Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
0	No, I haven't seen him.
5	Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. (Pause) What if the baby needs him?
4	Uh, Rach, we're running low on resumes over here.
3	Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
5	Hey, look, you guys, I'm going for anything here, OK? I cannot be a waitress anymore, I mean it. I'm sick of the lousy tips, I'm sick of being called 'Excuse me...'
4	Rach, did you proofread these?
5	(upset) Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?
1	Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few.
5	Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? (to Monica, quietly): Did you bring the mail?
5	(to Monica): Really? (out loud): Sure, we have scones left! (to Monica): OK, read them to me.
5	Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? (Guy shakes his head) Okay.
0	Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
5	Thank you. (Examines it) Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!
0	Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
5	Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
5	Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
0	Barry who you almost...?
3	Funniest? Heckles?
1	That's what it says.
3	Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. (There's a banging coming from upstairs.) He was right. Would you listen to that?
2	I'd call that excessive.
3	Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
1	So, you were both dorks. Big deal.
3	I just think it's weird, you know? (The banging is back.) Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles (He picks up the broom and bangs on the ceiling) Would you knock it off? (Everyone stares) (Realizes) Bah! (He throws the broom down.)
1	(entering) Have you been here all night?
3	Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. (As he mentions each name and description, he hands a picture to Joey.) Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
1	Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
3	Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
1	All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
3	What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it 'supposably?'
1	Chandler, come on, you're gonna find somebody.
5	Well, you were pretty damn good.
3	Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)
5	Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
4	I love it, when we share.
4	I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.
3	I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
2	(points at Joey's pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
1	I don't know. What are you wearing?
4	Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
2	Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
2	No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop."And they are.
1	Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
3	Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
1	Yeah, you're right.
3	I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
4	Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. (He hangs up) (To Chandler) Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
3	You know, I think I might just.
5	So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
1	Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
2	Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
5	Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
1	Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
2	Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, y'know, someplace nice, y'know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
4	What? It's, it's just a phase.
3	Well, that's what we said about Joey...
4	Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.
5	(Out of shot) Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!
5	Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.
5	Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.
0	This woman's living my life.
0	She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
5	You're not an artist.
0	Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
5	Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
0	Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.
5	(Yawning) Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...
0	Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
3	What did you just do?
4	Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?
2	You won't even taste it?
2	Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?
4	Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.
0	Hey, where is everybody?
5	They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?
0	Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
5	Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. (Puts her hand in the pocket) Here are your keys, hon. (She takes the keys out, sets them on the counter, and notices she also grabbed a receipt.)
0	You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
5	And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket?
0	That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.
5	Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?
5	You were with Julie?
0	Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
0	Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.
5	What? C'mon, talk to me.
4	OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
5	Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
4	Technically, huh, no.
5	Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
4	No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
5	No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
4	It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
5	No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
5	Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
5	Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?
5	Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
5	Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
3	You have to really wanna see it.
4	Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
0	Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
2	Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
0	No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
2	All right, so what were you thinking?
0	Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
2	Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
2	I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings.
1	(answering the phone) Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you. (Throws him the phone.)
3	(entering) Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
1	Needs some clothes altered?
3	No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
1	Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. (still confused) All right, when was 1990?
2	No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
2	That man across the street just kicked that pigeon! (Rachel enters.) Oh!
3	(bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
2	Not a good day for birds...
4	That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
5	Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
4	That's, that's nice twice!
5	(as Monica) Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
0	And who pays for that?
5	Um... my... father.
0	C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
5	I know that. That's why I was getting married.
2	Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
2	You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
4	The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
5	No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready? "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?"Come on, I can't do this!
4	Come on, you made coffee! You can do anything! (Chandler slowly tries to hide the now dead plant from that morning when he and Joey poured their coffee into it.)
4	C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...
5	Y'know what? I think we can just leave it at that. It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
0	Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
4	Oh. (pause) Hey, who's Carl?
0	You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
2	Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...
4	At the coffeehouse, right.
4	OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
2	Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story.
4	(sigh)....I have to go to China.
4	No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
3	Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
4	Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.
1	Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
1	He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
3	Course there, they just call it food.
3	Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
1	(takes phone) Hi, yeah, it's me. (Listens) Oh, no no no, we're just friends. (Listens) Yeah, I'm single. (Listens) 25. (Listens) An actor. (Listens) Hello?
1	Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
1	Ok, look, maybe I should just go.
1	Good luck, and uh, take care, huh?
1	You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
4	15 more seconds, 14, 13, 12...
2	(reading): Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh... (crumples up letter)
5	(out loud): We have apple cinnamon...
0	(reading): OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No. (crumpes up letter)
2	(reading): Your Visa bill is huge!
3	You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
3	Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
3	...little playthings with yarn?
3	Could you want her more?
4	Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... (Rachel comes over, Ross lays head on table): Hiiii!
4	We're fine, we're fine.
3	We're not - we're not saying anything.
4	Uhhhh... Joey cried last night.
3	(to the girls) We were playing poker, alright...
5	Barry who I almost.
0	And Mindy, your maid of...?
5	Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
0	(Takes it) That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. (Sees Rachel's look) Lucky. To have had a friend like you.
4	Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. (Marcel brings the rice) Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. (Rachel ignores him) 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
5	Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
5	No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
4	Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
5	Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
4	Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
5	Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
4	Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
4	...Gets interrupted. Hi!
5	Hi, how was the movie?
3	Toootal chick-flick.
3	How do you know that? How?
1	I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
3	You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
1	Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
3	Yeah, I understand.
1	You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?
3	You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
1	Supposably. Supposably. Did they go to the zoo? Supposably.
2	Janice? You called Janice?
3	Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
3	(sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
2	What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
3	Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. (Ross looks at her.) It's a whole big boob story.
2	I could be a secretary.
3	Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
5	What are you playing with?
4	Oh, it's my new beeper.
1	What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
0	Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
4	No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
3	A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
0	All right, I'll see you guys later. (raises)
5	Off to see young Ethan?
1	How young is young Ethan? Young?
0	Okay, he's a senior in college.
5	For Ross, Ross, Ross.
0	I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
1	If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
0	Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. Y'know, someplace nice. (She goes into her bedroom.)
1	(to Phoebe and Rachel) Yeah, someplace nice.
1	How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
4	I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
3	Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
4	That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
3	We don't know Bob! Okay? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
4	Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
3	Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
0	This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.
3	How about Joey... Pepponi?
1	No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
3	Joey... Switzerland?
1	Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which I'm not.
3	Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?
1	Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
3	Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
1	(Writes it down) Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.
3	Might wanna try Joseph.
1	Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!
5	Yeah, right. Sure!
0	Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!
5	Oh, please, you wanted to get caught. (Waves the receipt)
5	Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?
0	Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
0	(on the phone) Hi, who's this? (Listens) Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. (Listens) Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. (Listens) Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? (Listens) No, I don't care what Steve thinks. (Listens) Hi, Steve.
2	Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.
4	I did not freak out.
4	Because it's breast milk. It's gross.
4	No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
3	Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
4	Women really want this?
5	More than jewelry. (Rachel struts off, extremely pleased with herself)
2	Do I? Thank you, so do you.
2	Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.
2	Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo.
2	Oh, right, OK. Ole.
2	Um, the matador. (Duncan leaves) Ole, ha ha ha.
4	Julie, can you hold this for a second, thanks. (hands her a bowl and kisses her)
3	Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
4	(on phone) Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? (Sits down next to Rachel) Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. (Doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet) Well you didn't hang up either.
5	She didn't hang up either!
4	Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y...
5	(taking the phone and hanging it up) Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.
4	Rachel! I'll just call her back.
4	(calls Julie back) Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected... (Walks away.)
5	(to Monica) Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
0	Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
5	I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. (Ross comes by, smoching with Julie on the phone.) I gotta get out of here. (Exits)
3	Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
1	(to Chandler) You know, I think I was sixteen.
0	(to Phoebe) Please, just a little bit off the back.
5	(poking her head in from her bedroom) Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
0	Aww, thank you. (Notices something.) Uh Rach?
5	Oh! That's why. (Rachel checks behind her ear, and finds a cinamon stick.) I'm sorry!
3	Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. (Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.) Nothing.
2	Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
2	Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
3	So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
3	Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
0	Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
3	If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
0	Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
1	Duh, where've you been?
5	Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
0	Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
5	All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
5	I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
5	Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...
3	(on phone, reading from a script) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (Rattles some dishes) Bye-bye. (Hangs up.) Oh God!
3	Hey, I've been honing!
4	What was with the dishes?
3	Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
0	(as Rachel) Yeah... (joining the others) ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
0	(as Rachel) Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. (Indicating a dish on the table) Why don't you try the hummus?
5	(as Monica) Aahh, I'm a... chef at a restaurant uptown.
0	(as Rachel) (Suddenly laughing) Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
5	(as Monica) And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
0	(as Rachel) I used to wet my bed.
5	(as Monica) I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
0	(as Rachel) (Revealing her anger to point at her best friend)
0	(as Rachel) Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. (Getting up to move further away from Rachel) li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
0	(as Rachel) Remember back in freshman year? (Talking fast before Rachel can catch her) Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
0	(taking the phone) Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... (Smiles at Rachel to reassure her) Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down.(Listens) Thank you. (Hangs up)
5	(as Monica) Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.
3	(as Rachel is cutting up her cards) Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
0	Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it!
0	Well, that's it (To Ross) You gonna crash on the couch?
4	No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
5	Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (Monica smiles.) What?
0	That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
5	No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
4	Okay. (They split it.) You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
4	You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
4	Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
4	Okay... okay, maybe I will...
0	See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?
4	I just grabbed a spoon. (Ross exits and Monica has no idea what that means.)
4	Yeah... I guess. I don't - I don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK? (gives Chandler a gift for Rachel)
1	Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
1	We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. (Joey gives Ross a hug)
3	I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
1	Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
3	(sarcastic) Ooooh. (looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity)
0	(gets up) OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
5	Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. (walks into living room)
0	Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
1	Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
1	Then you do. Heh, heh.
5	OK, I'm guessing this is from...
4	Who the hell is Jordie?
4	No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
4	I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.
4	No, you started it.
1	There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
4	Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'
5	Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
2	Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
4	No, women are welcome to play.
2	Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
3	There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
1	Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
0	Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
0	I mean, that's a typical guy response.
5	But you could teach us.
3	(teaching) OK, so now we draw cards.
0	So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
3	OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
2	I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
1	Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
4	Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
3	They're still just friends, right?
5	(To Marcel) And I will see you tomorrow!
4	That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
0	Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
4	'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
3	I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
1	I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
3	I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
4	I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
1	She really said that?
4	Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
4	You remember Janice, right?
3	Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
1	(To Chandler) Geez, look how fat she got.
3	You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
0	Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?
0	Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
5	Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
2	Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.
4	Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
2	Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
4	It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
3	Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
0	No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
0	Oh, I can't pass for 22?
3	See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
2	(with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.
3	I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
2	Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
2	This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
3	Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
2	Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I'm gonna be out there.
2	All right. Bye bye.
0	Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? (goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner) No, cause I made lasagne. (to Rachel) Am I out of control?
5	Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
3	Whoever stood you up is a jerk.
3	I don't know. (He sits down.) I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue? (Holds out one of this small packs.)
3	No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.
4	Ok, (holding up his glass) ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef...
0	Who is also in charge of purchasing.
4	Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing...
0	Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
4	Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
0	Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!
4	That's fine, I'll-I'll just wait!
3	Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
0	Hi. (On the phone) Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
2	What are you doing?
0	(Hushes her) Alright, great. Thanks a lot. (Hangs up) I'm going to tap class.
5	What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
0	This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
5	Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
5	Which one do you think she is?
0	Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
5	What does she mean?
2	I think she means (Imitates) 'You
0	Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
4	(jumping away) That would be no.
2	Come on. It doesn't taste bad.
1	Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...
4	(staring at Susan) You've tasted it? You've tasted it.
4	Oh, you've tasted it.
4	(he rolls up his sleeve) Gimme the bottle. (Joey hands him the bottle and Ross squirts some on his arm.) Gimme the towel. (Joey gives him the towel and he wipes it off.)
1	(sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
3	Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
1	Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. (Chandler pours some juice in a glass.) You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
3	(slides the juice across the counter which Joey catches) What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
1	I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. (He downs the glass of juice in one swig.) I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
3	(pours more and slides the refill to Joey) All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
3	Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
4	(pulls Rachel aside) I just, I wanted to thank you for our uh, our little talk before.
5	Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing?
4	Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.
5	What did, what did he say?
4	Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
3	What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
1	I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people. (Chandler puts the tape in)
5	Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
4	What's wrong with people having sex?
5	Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
0	Hell, I wanna see Joey.
3	OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
0	All I say is, she better get the job.
1	No-no-no-no-no, (grabs his pants) I'm not fallin' for that again.
5	Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.
3	What stupid thing did you do?
5	Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye. (Paulo goes into his room.)
0	Rachel, how did this happen?
5	I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
5	At his apartment. Is this juice?
1	Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
5	Oh God, I know I'm a pathetic loser.
0	Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
3	People do stupid things when they're upset.
0	My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't...(Everyone looks at her), but this is about your horrible mistake.
4	Hi. Sorry we're late but we were - well, there was touching.
4	Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?
2	So was it a lot more money?
3	It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
3	Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
1	So what're you going to do?
3	I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
2	Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? (pause) Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
2	Hi! (turns back to Chandler, then to Monica) Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
3	Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
2	Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
2	Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?
0	(looking out the window) Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
2	Oh my God! (Walks to the window) Go away! (Gesturing.) Stop looking in here!
0	Great, now he's waving back.
1	Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
1	Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
1	Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
3	What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.
5	Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.
5	Well, what about Mindy?
5	No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?
5	No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.
5	(as Monica) Yeah, I know... (mirroring her friend) ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.
2	(as Ursula) That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!
2	(as Ursula) Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.
2	(as Ursula) If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
2	(as Ursula) Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
2	(as Ursula) You know... (unconsciously putting a hand on his knee) You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
1	I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
0	What? I-I said you had a-
2	Oh, was I doing it again?
0	I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.
1	Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
5	(walks up with a pot of coffee) Would anybody like more coffee?
3	Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
5	I'm just serving it.
5	Ugh. (To another customer that's leaving.) Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? (Hands him the coffee pot.) Go ahead. (He does so.) Thank you. (To the gang.) Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
5	Well, thank you, Melanie.
3	(pointing out a gift) OK, this one right here is from me.
5	This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And...(opens it)...it's a book!
2	Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
1	(to Rachel): That book got me through some tough times.
3	Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die.
3	Oh, that's Ross's.
5	Oh... (opens it)... (sees it is a pin) Oh my God. He remembered.
5	It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
2	Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
1	Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
1	(panicked) Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?
4	Please. This is so your fault.
4	Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.
4	You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?
4	Oh, I'm threatened by you?
2	Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
2	OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
4	No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can't - you can't do...
5	Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! (gives it to Phoebe)
5	Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
0	Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
1	Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...(look of realization)
3	(changing subject) OK, so at this point, the dealer...
0	Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
4	Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
2	But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
3	OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. (holds up two cards) Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. (Joey is unamused) Alright babe, deal the cards.
0	(throws down her cards) Dammit, dammit, dammit!
2	(to Joey): Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
4	Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
3	I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
4	Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
3	Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
5	Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- (Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe) Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? (Takes the shoe into the kitchen) Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! (She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut) Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. (She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in) Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- (Looks down and notices he is missing) Marcel? Marc- (Notices the open door)
1	How could you lose him?
5	I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
0	Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?
5	I don't know. The left one.
5	Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
2	Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
3	Rachel lost Marcel.
2	Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? (Holding her thumb and forefinger close together) Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this? (Monica and Rachel are intrigued.)
4	There might be a teeny tiny possibility.
2	I can't believe you caved.
2	You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? (Ross slowly closes the briefcase and walks out hugging it.) Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
5	I am. Let me just get my coat.
5	(running into the living room) What happened?! What happened?!
0	Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
5	Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
2	Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
5	Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
3	Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
0	Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.
3	Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
5	Could tonight be the Night?
0	I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
5	So, did you shave your legs?
1	Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean...
4	Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.
1	All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
4	(on phone) Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. (pause) No, Andre is not here. (to Joey) Third time today. (on phone) Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
1	Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh, services.
4	(on phone) Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. (pause) No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. (pause) All rightie, bye bye.
1	Hey, hey. How was the first day?
2	Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.
3	See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.
2	No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.
2	Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.
5	Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
2	(to Joey and Rachel) Wow, look at these prices.
5	Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
1	What are these, like famous chickens?
3	Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. (to Ross) I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
4	(to Chandler behind their menus) Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
3	Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
4	Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
0	Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
4	That sounds great. Same for me.
1	Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
0	Okay, I'm not getting this!
2	(Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way) I'm totally getting it!
0	Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?
5	What? You just click when they click.
2	Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
0	Great. It's gym class all over again.
0	Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
0	Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.
1	Yeah I guess you're right.
3	You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
3	All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
0	I don't know what else to say.
5	Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.
0	I feel terrible, I really do.
5	Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?
0	Rachel, (they go back inside) say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
0	It's that terrible?
5	Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually (starting to cry), but now she's actually stealing you.
0	Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, (starting to cry) you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
2	You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. (Joins in on the hug.) Oh, I really needed that. (Goes and sits down.)
4	Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
3	Nice work my friend.
1	Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .
2	So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday.
2	Ohh. . .K. How come?
2	I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
2	So how long have you known?
2	And um, and there's actually a, a woman?
2	Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?
4	(to Rachel) So, uh, he's back.
5	Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?
5	Good! I'm glad it's not a problem.
2	(to Paulo) Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
3	Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
1	Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
3	Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
0	(to Phoebe) You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
2	All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
2	All right. (Talking to Monica's hair.) Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
2	All right, that's it, I quit.
0	What? I didn't say anything.
2	Yeah, but this (makes Monica's face) isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this (makes Monica's face) is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
0	I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
2	Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
3	Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
2	OK. (pause) Oh Monica! Guess what!
3	Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
5	No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
2	Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
3	Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the "a-gogo."
3	Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
4	Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream"speech.
0	Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
5	Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
3	Can I use your phone?
0	Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.
3	Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
1	Maybe she never got your message.
2	Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
3	Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
4	...desperate, needy, pathetic?
3	Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.
0	Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
0	I can't believe he did this.
3	Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
5	What did you just say?
3	(panicked) ahem... um... Crystal duck.
5	No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
3	(stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....
3	(rubbing his temples) Oh, no-no-no-no-no....
1	(pats Chandler on the leg) That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time.
5	I mean, this is unbelievable.
2	I know. This is really, really huge.
3	No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
2	Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
3	OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
2	Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
2	Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?
4	I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. (Walks backwards as if he is going to break down the door, but steps in a bucket and falls) Ow.
5	No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
5	(to Dr. Franzblau) Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
1	Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's - (notices the nurse looking at him strangely) I was just - yeah, right. Push! Push!
0	Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. (Listens) Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. (Listens) No, he's gone. (Listens) No no, you don't have to fly back, really. (Listens) What do you mean this might be your only chance? (Listens) Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
3	Where have you been?
1	Oh, just had a baby.
5	(anxiously) No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
5	Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors.
2	About how good your cards were.
2	A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
5	OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... (gets up to leave)
3	Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
3	The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
4	The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
1	You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
0	Hell no, we'll pay!
2	OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
0	And you know what? We want a rematch.
0	He- he pooped in my shoe.
0	Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.
5	C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
1	Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
5	Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
0	Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
5	Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
5	Anybody wanna trade? Oh...
0	Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it?
2	Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
0	A monkey. Have you seen a monkey?
2	Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. (They move off)
5	(On the phone) Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... (Enter Ross) ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
2	Uh huh. Why is that?
3	If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y'know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man,"they'll shout!
0	You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
3	Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
5	Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
0	You are not a freak. You're a guy.
5	She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.
0	Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
0	No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
5	Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
2	Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
5	You are ready to make a commitment!
3	Whoa! Don't know about that.
2	I thought you knew that.
3	Noho. Who doesn't they like me?
2	Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
3	What are you talking about?
2	Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
2	Yeah, yeah. They even do you.
3	I don't sound like that.
1	Oh... Yeah, you do.
0	How was that possible?
0	Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
0	Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
5	Ok, I will have the uh, (whispers) side salad.
5	Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
2	Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
3	I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
4	(using calculator) Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
4	Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.
4	Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.
4	So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.
2	No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
3	Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
2	I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that-that-that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
0	Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.
3	She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
4	She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
4	She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
3	So what does this mean?
4	I'm gonna have to give him up.
1	I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
3	I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
4	I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
1	Isn't there any way you can keep him?
4	No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
1	How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
4	Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
0	Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
5	(crying) I'd do anything for you, you know that.
0	(crying) I'd do anything for you. (They hug again.)
2	Wait, wait, wait, wait! (Runs over and joins in on the hug again.)
1	Mornin'. (The Hombre man ignores him) I said, mornin'.
1	These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
5	So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
2	I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'
2	Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago?
0	You know, it still smells like monkey in there.
3	Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.
1	Me too, we should get goin'.
5	No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.
0	Rachel, that's all we do.
5	Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
5	Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
5	So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie?
3	I got the time to get to know Julie.
0	Rach, I know her pretty well, can I go? (Rachel gives her a look from hell) That's fine.
5	OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?
0	Demi Moore is not a he.
0	That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.
2	Oh my God! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?
2	Oh, she's got gorgeous hair.
3	At least as long as I have the pants.
2	It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
2	I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
2	Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.
1	Ooh, that bad, huh?
5	When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
5	The meeting with the guy went great?
0	So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
3	Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
0	So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
5	What are you going to make?
0	I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
2	Ooh! I know what you could make! (runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen) I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? (Monica doesn't know.) You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. (sits down)
4	Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
1	How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
4	OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
3	Who are you going out with?
2	Oh, is this the bug lady?
5	(trying to sound like a bug) Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
3	I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
5	Pretty well, actually... (Wandering into the kitchen.)
0	(wandering in after her) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
5	(in a low voice) We ended up having sex in his chair.
4	What, uh... what were you thinking?
5	I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
4	No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
5	Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now,"what would you say?
3	If it helps, I could slide over.
4	It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
2	Where are you going?
4	(leaving) I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
5	(on phone) Hello?(Listens) Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? (Listens) Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. (Listens) Really? (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
0	I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
5	No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... (to Joey): W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
1	Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
5	Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. (gets up to leave)
0	No, no, wait. (checks Ross's itinerary) His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
3	What about the time difference?
0	From here to the airport?
3	Yes! (Rachel walks towards door) You're never gonna make it!
0	Rachel, what're you gonna say to him?
3	Well then maybe you shouldn't go.
1	He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
0	Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
5	I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
2	Here, look, alright, does this help?
5	Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later. (opens door)
4	Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. (to Susan) This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
4	No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
4	Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.
4	You wanna explain that?
2	I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. (pause) I'm sorry, you were fighting.
4	Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
5	(to Ross): So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
4	Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt... (claps hands three times)
4	Alright boys, let's eat.
3	Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
3	Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? (mimicking): "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
4	You are way off, pal.
1	No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.
4	Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one time - not any more. I just - I...
4	Marcel! Where are you going with that disc?
4	You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK - if you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble.
5	(opening mail) Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
0	Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.
4	Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
5	Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
4	Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
5	Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
4	Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? (Uncorks the wine) Well-
5	Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
4	Okay, quick and painful. (Starts to cork the wine)
5	Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
4	Oh, what? What-what?
5	Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.
4	(Angry) I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
5	I know, I know, I'm sorry-
4	No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
5	(Tearfully) Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- (Door buzzer goes and she runs to get it) Oh! Who is it?
5	What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
0	No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
3	Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman Alison, from work, she's great. She's pretty. She's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
1	Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
1	You want his yearbook?
3	Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
0	Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but he was a person. (She ends up standing behind the magnifying glass and everyone is laughing.) (Realizes.)You're all going to hell.
5	It's really not that big!
3	(To Joey) Takin' that with you, huh?
3	Yeah, just second. (Ross exits and Chandler picks up the broom and leans it up against the wall.) Good-bye Mr. Heckles. (He turns off the lights.) We'll try to keep it down.
0	You keep saying that.
0	Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
0	No-no. Nothing wrong about that.
0	Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
0	But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
0	You're not a senior?
0	What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
0	Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
0	Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
0	Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
4	(on phone) Okay, Andre should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. (to Phoebe) Just easier that way.
4	Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
0	All right, what's goin' on?
5	(to Joey and Phoebe) Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
2	Fine. All right, fine.
4	Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
1	(clearing his throat a lot) Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh... (Pause) We don't have as much money as you.
3	We can talk about that.
2	Well, then...Let's.
4	Well umm I, I just never think of money as an issue.
5	That's 'cause you have it.
4	That's a good point.
3	So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
1	'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like with Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
3	Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
2	Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
1	Did you call the cops?
5	Nope. We took her to lunch.
3	Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
4	What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
0	Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
4	Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
3	...Take off their hats!
5	No way. No way did you do this.
5	Well, you're not totally paranoid.
5	Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
5	Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.
5	Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh.
2	So, um, have you told your parents?
2	(handing him the papers) Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't think either answer would make me feel better.
2	So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.
5	Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?
1	Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?
5	So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
1	You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
5	Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
1	What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
5	I don't know, I don't know.
1	Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
3	(entering, angry) Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? (Pause) Your tailor is a very bad man!
1	Frankie? What're you talking about?
4	(entering from the bedroom) Hey, what's goin' on? (Pats Chandler on the shoulder which causes him to jump.)
3	Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
1	No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
4	Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
5	So what are you guys going to do?
4	Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
1	(aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?
4	Well, I don't know.... (gestures) huh-huh.... but I'm hoping (gestures) huh-huh.
1	I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
4	Celia, don't worry! Don't scream! He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...
0	(to Joey) OK, try this salmon mousse.
0	Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
1	I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
5	My God! What happened to you?
3	Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
2	That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
5	(comes up and rubs him on the chest) Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
5	Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (Does so, on phone) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
3	Hell is filled with people like you.
1	(entering) He's back! The peeper's back!
5	Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
0	Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
5	Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
5	And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
5	Right, I'll see you guys later...
1	Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) That's fine, yeah...
3	Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
0	Why don't you just take it with you?
3	Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
0	Why don't you just call her?
3	I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
3	No! (Calls) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! (Listens) I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. (Listens) Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. (Listens) Okay. (Puts down the phone.) (to Monica) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (He starts doing a little jig.) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
3	Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! (she leaves)
5	Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....
5	Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend.
5	No, I know, but I - he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
5	Uh... I don't know.
1	Heh, heh. It was nothin'.
1	(panicked) Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.
0	I'm sure they'll be here soon.
5	Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.
1	Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
3	(to Joey) You are really frightening me.
3	Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. (they pull her hand off of him) Uh, that's great. (looking around) Anybody seen a nipple?
4	Ok, got the vent open.
2	(reading the nametag on the uniform) Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
4	Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben.
2	Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
2	Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.
0	Please! I am not as bad as Ross.
5	Oooooh. (reads letter) (surprised): Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!
0	You're kidding! Where? Where?
5	(in disbelief): Sak's... Fifth... Avenue.
2	Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.
0	Well, what's the job?
5	Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
0	OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. (opens door) Hi!
0	Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
2	Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
5	Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
5	Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and - oh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
5	See? I've even called Animal Control!
4	You called Animal Control?
5	Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
5	O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
4	That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment!
5	Hi, thanks for coming.
5	Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding! (Ross puts his arms around her and they act all sweetness and light)
4	Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
5	Turned out it was a hat.
5	Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!
0	Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
2	Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
3	Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
3	Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
5	All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. (Camera fades to Ross, who's listening very carefully) Joey was there too.
4	Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
4	You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?
5	No, it was just the three of us.
1	So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
5	There were times when it wasn't even me.
2	That is so sweet, you guys. (hugs them)
4	Wha - Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative - there's gonna be a hoopla?
5	Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
0	If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
4	G-gift? The thing's not the gift?
3	No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
4	Hootie and the - oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
2	No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
4	No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
4	Not at the concert.
3	So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
3	Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
0	I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
2	Oh, it's like a skit.
0	Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
0	It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
0	...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
5	Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. (Exits)
0	Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
0	Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
4	(Reading letters) Oh God. (To Marcel) We didn't get into Scranton. (To the others) That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
2	I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
4	Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
1	Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
3	Y'know, you'd think I would've.
1	Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
4	Where exactly is your zoo?
4	No-no, he's, he's very docile.
4	Well I, I don't know. Why?
5	Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
4	Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
5	Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
4	I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.
5	Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
4	OK, now I'm nervous.
5	Maybe you should put it off.
4	No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
5	I know, yeah, sorry.
4	What, it's not your fault.
5	Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
5	Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
5	And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
4	Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight. (goes back in apartment)
3	Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
1	That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. (Chandler and Ross stare at him) What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
4	Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
1	What? That's not? (Realizes) Oh my God.
0	Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.
4	I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten. (Chandler laughs.)
0	Thank you. My hair is very amused.
3	Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
4	Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rach.
5	(sticking her head in from the balcony) Wait, are you leaving?
4	Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"
5	Well, can I talk to you for a sec?
0	(brings a plate of tiny appetizers over) Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.
3	Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
3	(tastes it) Well.... it is amouz-ing...
0	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Wendy! (Listens) Yeah, eight o'clock. (Listens) What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... (Listens) OK, great. (Listens) All right, I'll see you then. Bye. (hangs up)
2	Ten dollars an hour for what?
0	Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
0	Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
0	But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
5	Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
4	OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...
4	(embarrassed) Wha... what, here?
4	Um... uh.... vulva.
0	Don't you have to pee?
3	'S'why I'm dancing...
5	Hey, you.... So, what's up?
5	Sure we should... So.
5	Was that all you wanted to ask me?
5	Ohhhh!! (Mindy starts to sob.) ...What? What?
5	Um, what- what would make you think that?
5	(draws back) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
0	Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
5	I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
0	Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
2	Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
0	Another good point.
2	No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
2	Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
0	Why isn't it working out?
5	I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
0	Is he not cute enough for you?
0	Does he not make enough money?
2	Maybe there's someone else.
4	Phoebs, It's open! It's open!
3	(to nurse) Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
4	Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
4	(puts his head near the baby) Hello! (to Dr. Franzblau) Oh, sorry.
4	We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
2	(from the air vent overhead) You guys, he's beautiful!
4	Oh, thanks, Pheebs!
5	Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
0	OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
1	Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
0	Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
4	Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?
5	No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.
4	So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
1	But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
2	Alright, here's my $7.50. (Hands them the money) But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
2	Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
3	That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
2	Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
0	Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
2	Yes, but there isn't always time!
0	Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
5	Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
0	The Luisa from home room!
0	Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
0	Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
2	Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
3	Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
5	Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
5	Ethan called again.
4	Are you not seeing him anymore?
0	No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
3	And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
5	I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
0	Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
2	Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!
5	Where are you going?
0	Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank you.
4	But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
3	(to the others) By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
3	Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! (Pause) The Blowfish!
0	It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
4	Could you be less enthused?
1	Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like...
4	We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.
5	Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big. (Holds her thumb and forefinger a short distance apart.)
2	Actually, it makes us feel that big. (She squeezes Rachel's thumb and forefinger closer together.)
4	I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
3	If you guys feel this big (imitates Rachel's gesture), maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
1	Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.
5	Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
2	I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
4	He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean...
4	Why- why- why would he need a blade?
1	He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
1	We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
4	He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
5	Where the hell've you been?
0	Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.
0	Noooo! (Comes closer and whispers) I'm lying. I am so drunk.
5	Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...
5	Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
5	Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
0	It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
3	I missed most of the party (pause) Charlie's a girl, right?
5	I don't know why Joey had to kiss her! I mean, of all the girls at the party, GOD!
4	Why do you care so much?
5	(worried) Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to hook up with lots of women! (pause) I just... All I'm saying is... I don't think that Joey and Charlie have anything in common.
4	Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...
1	Hey, when the doctor does that hernia test...
5	Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all (Ross is laughing), what?
4	Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
4	Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actually - I-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
5	No, I think that was the whole all.
1	I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants.
2	You wanna do it right now?
2	Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.
4	Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
1	(sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
4	Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
1	What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
4	(deadpan) Please be kidding.
1	Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
4	OK. (closes eyes) I'm in my apartment...
1	....yeah... what else?
4	That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation. (gets up, walks across room)
1	(walks to catch up to him) Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
1	Alright, now you say something.
5	What? What's what you were afraid of?
5	Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
4	Four letters: "Circle or hoop".
1	(entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?
1	I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
3	(investigating) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
0	Just like you told her you did! (Chandler glares at her.) ... Just pointing out the irony.
1	Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
0	Is there? Is there someone else?
5	No! There is.. there is noone else!
0	Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
1	She's still asleep.
1	Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
3	The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
1	Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
3	Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
1	It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
3	I didn't know you had another level.
1	I know! Neither did I!
0	Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?
5	From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
0	Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
4	We uh, we just cooked it up.
4	(to Ben) I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
2	Susan, he looks just like you.
5	Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.
3	I know, I still am one of these.
4	The head, the head. You gotta...
0	(getting choked up) Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
4	Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. (walks out of the picture) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns) And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. (walks away) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns)
3	And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. (Does a baseball sign.)
5	Oh, I know. Look at him.
1	Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
4	Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
5	Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. (hands over her money)
5	Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
4	So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
5	Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
0	OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
2	(holding a card and waving it in front of her face) Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. (they look at her) Right, OK, serious poker.
0	Excuse me, where are you going?
4	Uh... to the bathroom.
0	Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
4	I want to go to the bathroom. (exits)
1	Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. (gets up)
5	Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
0	Alright, Cincinnati, no blinds, everybody ante. (deals cards)
3	Yes have you seen any?
1	Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
3	Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
1	Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
3	Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
1	We can't, alright? (To the women) We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
3	Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
2	Something just brushed up against my right leg!
2	Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.
3	Work people? Nobody told me.
2	No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
3	You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
2	Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
3	You think I should?
2	Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
2	You were great. But they still made fun of you.
2	You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss,""Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss,""Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
3	Then, I don't get it.
2	Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
2	Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.
0	Aren't you gonna...
0	Guys, we bought the tickets.
2	Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats y'know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
3	(to Phoebe) Why did you look at me when you said that?
0	Well, I guess now we can't go.
5	What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
0	You know what? You're right.
0	All right. We're gonna go. (Exits, then comes back in) It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
4	Geez! Are you ready?
3	Yes. Yes! Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
4	Whoa! You had sex today?
3	Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
0	No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
5	Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
0	Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
0	They've arrested Monica.
0	Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
0	I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
0	Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
0	Um, I'm not actually Amish.
5	All right, so... Ross, you're ok with all this? I mean...
4	Yeah, it's no big deal. I mean, I just met her and I'm fine with it...
4	I'm gonna get some more coffee.
3	(to Joey) So, a professor, uh?
1	Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious (which, being Joey, he mispronounces "amonious"). (pause) That's not how she used it...?
4	Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people.
4	Yeah, I know the type.
1	Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close?
2	Hey you guys! Look what I just got. (she shows them a pair of slippers)
5	Oh, OH! Wow, I love those! Where did you get them?
2	I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania Twain.
1	(enters the room) Hey, you guys, what are you doing tomorrow night?
3	(browsing through a diary) Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV.
1	Look, my agent hooked me up with six tickets to a great play.
3	I could fall asleep at a play.
1	It's a one-woman play called "Why don't you like me: a bitter woman's journey through life".
0	It sounds interesting!
4	Yeah, it does sound interesting, I mean, to listen to a woman complain for two hours, I don't think it gets bett... (Ross starts snoring, faking to fall asleep)
2	I know, I know, we can drive, we can vote, we can work, what more do these broads want?
1	You guys are gonna have a great time, I promise!
4	What? How come that you don't have to go!
3	(browsing through a diary) Uh, let's see, who do I hate?
4	I... ahem... I really don't think so.
1	Come on! You like this woman, right?
1	You want to see her again, right?
1	Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
4	OK, turn around. (Joey looks taken aback) I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
1	(turning around) Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.
4	Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
1	There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
4	I want to take my tongue... and...
4	...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with...
3	It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
1	Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
1	And again, and again, and again... (phone rings, he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.
3	(on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)
1	(to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
1	(on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.
0	So she's a woman! So what?
1	Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like - (Listens) - Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
1	(on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
0	The green dress? Really?
1	Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
5	Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this - this whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
5	Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
0	(gets up) No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
5	Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
0	I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
0	Behind my brother's back? (Rachel glares at her) ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
1	Seven hundred bucks!
3	Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
1	Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
3	Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
1	What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)
4	I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
2	Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. (screen goes blank) Look, he's opening his eyes. (picture comes back)
1	He doesn't do much, does he?
4	No, this is pretty much it.
5	You guys wanna get some coffee?
4	All right, I'll see you guys later.
2	Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.
2	(looks at her cards) Yes! (everyone looks at her) .... or no.
4	Alright. (to Rachel): Your money's mine, Green.
5	Your fly is open, Geller. (he checks it, and zips up)
2	You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
3	Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
1	Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
2	Yeah. Um... I'm out. (throws in cards)
1	Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
4	Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush. (lays down cards)
2	Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg.
2	Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere!
0	What're you gonna do?
0	Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! (Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe) Are you okay?
2	Yeah, think so. Oh! (She notices the tranquiliser dart has hit her in the butt and removes it) Huh. (Sways back) Whoah.
4	Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
5	Ross, you don't know that.
4	Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. (Kicks a sign in frustration) And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
4	Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
5	Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
4	Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
4	I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...
4	Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
4	Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.
0	That was gonna be my opener.
5	(understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone) Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?
4	I thought that was just a rumour.
1	They're here already?
0	Ethan, it's um... it's icky.
0	This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
4	Are you're hands still wet?
5	Let's dry 'em again.
3	You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
3	Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign.
4	Still doing the screening thing?
3	I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
3	So, uh, you met someone, huh?
3	So, uh, how was he?
0	Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!
2	Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
4	Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
3	Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
1	I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
4	Just, just say what you feel.
1	Marcel, I'm hungry.
5	(Brings Marcel a teddy bear) Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
4	Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
4	Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. (He sits down and Marcel jumps down and sits beside him) Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- (Marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg) Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
1	Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio.
5	(after a pause) Phoebe, Shania Twain is still alive!
2	Oh... then I overpaid. (she goes to the bathroom)
5	Oh, it's a gift certificate to this new SPA in SOHO.
0	Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage chains.
5	Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting...
0	Do you wanna go hunting?
5	Well, I would like to have the option!!
2	(coming back from the bathroom) What's up? (she sees the gift certificate in Rachel's hands) Hey, Rachel!!
2	No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business!
0	And she wants to go hunting, too!!
5	Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!
5	I don't care about any of that!!
2	Well, do you care about friendship?
2	I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend.
5	Oh, not as a friend, Phoebe!! Fine, I won't use it!
5	(gets up from the sofa and moves to the kitchen but Joey blocks her way) Oh, sorry... Oops, sorry.
1	(lifts Rachel up and moves her behind him so she can walk on) Hey, here you go.
5	Ooh... oooh... (pause) (Rachel is all bah-jiggity about Joey) oh, ah... (pause) (to Monica) Can I ask you a question?
5	Do you think it's possible for two friends to fool around and... and not have it be a big deal?
0	No, I don't think it ever works. Why?
0	Who do you wanna fool around with?
5	(with high pitched voice) Nobody, forget it!
5	(whispering) Why? (Monica gesticulates mumbling something that starts with "because") Seriously I did not understand a word that you said.
0	You wanna fool around with Joey?
5	Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time!
0	Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around?
5	Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet.
5	I know them from work.
5	I don't know, what were the names I just said?
2	(excited) Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
2	Oh! You have a window!
3	Yes indeedy! (they look outside) With a beautiful view of...
2	Oh look! That guy's peeing!
3	(walks away from window) OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
3	This is great! (he presses a button on his intercom) Helen, could you come in here for a moment?
3	Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
3	Last time I do that, I promise.
0	(shouting on phone) Wendy, we had a deal! (Listens) Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy! (hangs up)
0	Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.
5	Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. (she walks away towards the door)
0	Ten dollars an hour.
0	Twelve dollars an hour.
5	Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
5	Uh, we are here to break up with you.
5	Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
5	Even when we were having sex in that chair?
5	Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
5	Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
5	Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
4	Fine, just stop thinking about me.
4	Can't do it, can you?
5	So I'm thinking about you. So what?
4	I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
5	Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....
4	Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.
5	Ross, it's too hard.
4	No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
5	Ross, you're like my best friend.
5	If we broke up, and I lost you...
4	Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
5	Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
5	I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
4	Well, start looking.
5	And your fly's still open...
5	Ha, I made you look....
5	I couldn't be inner. Monica?
0	(slams down cards) I hate this game!
1	Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him, confused) Oh, I'm out.
3	Couldn't be more out. (throws in cards)
5	Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. (throws chips in pot) What do you say... want to waste another buck?
4	No, not this time. (he folds) So... what'd you have?
4	Come on, show them to me. (reaches for her cards, Rachel covers them up)
5	Get your hands out of there! No!
4	Let me see! Show them!
3	Y'know, I've had dates like this.
5	(deals new hand) Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
4	Oh, forget it, okay?
2	Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
4	Hi, did you order some bananas?
4	Gimme back my monkey.
5	Then what's with all the bananas?
4	Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel?
4	Marcel! What've you done to him?
4	Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon. (Marcel starts to go to him)
4	Okay, gimme my monkey back.
4	Alright, I want my monkey.
4	(To Rachel) You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
5	Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
5	(talking in her sleep) Oooooooooh. (Rachel strokes her hand over the pillow. Ross mimicks her silently) Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!
5	You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just... Wow!
4	What? (his beeper goes off) Great, now I'm having a baby.
4	I'm having... I'm having a baby. (jumps back onto the table again) I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?
5	I don't know where the phone is.
4	Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor.
3	(doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.
4	Yeah, save it for the cab, okay.
4	What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.
5	What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
4	Joey, get out of the fridge.
1	All right, all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)
3	Well, that makes me feel so good.
3	Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
0	You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
4	Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
4	Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
3	Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them (the band) for us to leave now.
0	You know, the guys are probably having a great time.
1	(holding a hand behind his back) Come on you guys, one more time.
4	Excellent, that was excellent.
3	I can't believe the guys missed this.
5	But I am going hunting!!
0	(entering) Hey honey! I missed you today!
0	Yeah. (they kiss) What d'you wanna do tonight?
3	Oh, well... Maybe we could... (he sweeps the stuff off the table and wordlessly invites Monica to have sex on it)
0	Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need to keep your tadpoles in the tank.
3	We really need to take those tests?
0	Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests.
3	But I don't wanna do it in a cup!
0	What is the big deal?
3	It's weird! In a doctor's office?
0	It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
3	(embarrassed) I cannot believe Ross told you that! (pause) And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!
0	Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated.
0	What the hell are you cooking!
4	Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today.
4	(covering with his hand Chandler's face, like pretending he's not there) (to Monica) There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus.
0	What's so bad about that?
4	It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches.
4	(looking his elbow, where there's a patch) These aren't suede.
4	Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller.
4	Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice.
1	(talking to a pineapple in his hand) God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do.
1	I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
5	I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a canelope might hurt less.
1	Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
5	Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog!
1	Yeah, that was a disappointment...(pause) Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok?
1	Yeah!Hey, you just have to promise not to get yourself thrown out again.
0	You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... (Rachel isn't buying it, desperate) twenty dollars an hour.
5	Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?
2	(overemphasizing) Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of (Monica signals her to stop) of, OK, smells.
0	Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?
2	(whispers) In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
2	Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
5	OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.
5	Let me, let me get you some wine!
0	Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. (Steve sits, Monica brings over a tray) OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... (Steve starts to eat them one by one, quickly)... with just a touch of mints... and... (he finishes)... ginger.
5	What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
5	And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.
5	Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
1	All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
4	I just wanna clarify this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?
3	Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
3	What are you doing here?
3	That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
0	Yeah, there you go!
5	Right! You're right!
5	I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... (gives him her drink) I mean - I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
5	(sifting through crowd) Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.
4	Oh, hey, hey, I got that.
4	No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.
4	No, no, they will. I just... uh...
4	Come on, they're gonna love you.
2	Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
4	First of all, I'm not losing...
5	Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. (phone rings)
4	Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the...
5	(answering phone) Hel-lo, Rachel Green.
4	(mimicking Rachel) Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
5	Barbara! Hi, how are you? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea - Hello? Hello? (hangs up phone, very depressed)
2	Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
5	Yeah...(sigh)....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
1	Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
4	I'm in for fifty cents. (throws it in)
5	Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
4	It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. (Marcel resists) Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
5	Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
4	Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...
5	Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...
4	Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
4	Alright. (He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised) The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. (He sits down and starts to pour the wine) Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
4	We have got to start locking that door!
0	That's because I'm in front of them.
3	Eh. I thought that was an alp.
0	Well, high school was not my favourite time.
1	I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
3	Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
0	Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?
3	Yeah, like in a cab...
4	Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming.
0	I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.
4	That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.
1	All right, I'm going. I'm going.
3	Here we go, here we go.
4	What guys? Oh, yeah.
0	Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?
0	You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.
0	Uh, wait, backstage?
4	Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
5	Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
0	Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
5	Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
0	Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think it's a good idea!
3	Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory!
3	Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO!
1	(sipping red wine from a glass) Who says that wine has to cost more than milk!
1	Come on in, how are ya?
1	Can I offer you a drink?
1	Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go (looking scared) ohhhh!
1	Hey, if you need a tour guide... (point to himself)
1	Yeah, definitely, definitely. Ok, what do you wanna see first?
4	Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out.
0	(to Chandler) Is he gonna introduce us?
3	(to Monica) No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now.
4	Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute.
0	(to chandler) Twenty bucks says they're married within the month.
4	(hitting Monica with his suitcase) (to Charlie) We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover.
4	Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". (pause) An option that many of my students use. (pause) Shall we?
4	You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok?
5	Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight.
5	Hey, that was an honest mistake!
1	Right!(he starts to ape her)"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?"(he inclines his head as if to look at a man's private parts)
5	Yeah, that was an awesome day!
0	So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks?
2	Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again!
4	Phoebe, what happened?
2	Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips!
3	(To Monica) Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!
2	Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years!
3	What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont (shows them a brochure)!
2	Oh, good!Ok, good for you!Try to recapture the magic!
3	So, what do you say? Can you get out of work?
0	Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant!
0	I'm so glad you liked them!
0	Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
5	Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
0	(joining him and taking the taco shells) You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.
0	You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...
0	Why don't you just have a seat here? (he sits at the table, then tries to secretly eat the Gummi-bears. Monica spots him.) OK... give me the Gummi-bears.
3	Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
5	I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars. (throws it in)
4	I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
5	Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
5	What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
5	Dealer takes two. (she deals herself two cards) What do you bet?
4	I bet two dollars. (throws it in)
5	OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty. (throws it in)
4	I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five. (throws it in)
5	See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse.
0	Rachel, there's nothing in it.
5	OK, then get me your purse.
0	OK, here you go. Good luck.
5	(to Monica): Thank you. (to Ross): I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
4	(to Joey): Joey, I'm a little shy.
2	Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! (She stands up and starts to dance around) Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!
4	Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.
3	Yeah, we really missed you guys.
1	Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is so stupid.
2	We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get - (notices something on Monica's neck) - Is that a hickey?
0	No, I just, I fell down.
5	On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?
0	You know, a party, or...
4	It wasn't so much a party as a...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
1	You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?
3	Yes, apparently Stevie and Hootie are like this. (Holds up crossed fingers.)
5	Who gave you that hickey?
1	Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.
1	Which one, they all suck!
1	(looking puzzled) I don't think so.
5	Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and here is my gift certificate.
5	And... taped back together.
5	(imitating the receptionist's tone) through the glass doors.
1	Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first
5	Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah... (she plays the answering machine)
1	(yelling) Stupid Jane Rogers!!
5	(angry) You are having a party tonight??
1	Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.
5	And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that?
1	I do it every year.
5	You do that every year??
1	I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!!
5	Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us??
5	And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant?
5	OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory?
1	(Smiling) I can't believe you guys went for that one!
5	Joey, why wouldn't you invite us to your parties?
1	Hey. So where's Mon?
3	Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
1	And you're not helping?
3	I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive"in a helium voice - not helping.
5	Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.
4	Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly (points to Molly). Molly, Chandler, Joey.
4	Ooh, somebody's getting a little fussy.
1	You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
5	Ok, you know what, I'm just gonna take her outside.
4	Oh yeah, let me just finish this.
1	Hey Ross, check this out! (he tries to spin a basketball on his fingertip but he throws it against a table) yeah, I can't do that!
3	What are you doin'?
4	Have you seen this? It's a new alumni website for college! It's cool! You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to.
3	Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
4	It's actually kinda interesting to find out what people are doing... remember Andrea Rich?
3	The tall girl who wouldn't sleep with you?
4	Uh uh... well, her Internet Company went under and she lost an ear in a boating accident...
3	Bet she'd sleep with you now...
3	Are you really that busy?
0	Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am.
3	Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. (on the phone) "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it (pause) Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? (pause) Oh, can't you make an exception?"
0	Tell them I'm a chef in a big New York restaurant!
2	And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing!
3	(on the phone) "Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?"(pause) "Oh, thank you very much!"(hangs up) Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
4	Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance.
3	I don't have travel insurance.
4	Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge!
0	Why don't you take Ross?
4	Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn...
0	No, not if their room has two beds!
0	(furious) That's it! Dinner is over!
0	Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
5	You don't want to work for a guy like that.
0	I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
4	Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.
2	Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
1	(to Ross) So, er... how did it go with Celia?
4	Oh, I was unbelievable.
1	Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?
1	That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What?
3	(to Ross): What do you need, what do you need?
3	Alright, here's ten. (gives it to him)
1	Here, I got five, I got five. (Ross takes the money)
4	(to Rachel): OK, I am calling your seventeen. What do you got?
1	(to Ross): Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.
3	(to Ross): I thought we had them!
4	Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. (looks at Rachel) But, uh... look how happy she is. (smiles)
5	OK, OK, it's my turn. (reads the answer)
0	That would be the work of a Blowfish.
2	Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "Hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
4	Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
5	What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?
0	Oh great, it's work. (To Ross) Can you hand me that? (Ross hands her the phone.)
3	I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
1	And we don't work hard?
0	(on phone) Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.
3	I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
1	And you feel like we hold you back.
0	Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. (They quiet down.) Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. (Listens) What corporate policy? (Listens) No. (Listens) Yeah. (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up) I just got fired.
1	(grabs the check) Let me get that. (To Chandler) You got five bucks?
2	Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? (She sees Rachel) Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone who can fill in for me?
2	But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this massage chains are.
2	'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine!
2	(watching around and whispering) Ok, are they listening?
1	I need to talk to you about Charlie.
4	(annoyed) Oh, do you, do you really?
1	Yeah, I'm... I'm kind of having a little problem.
4	Look, if you don't know what the word "acrimonious"means, just don't use it!
1	You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
5	Well, then so you just invite me...!
1	(speaking aloud) Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one!
5	Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please...
1	Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
5	(yelling and jumping like a child) OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! (realizing how she's behaving) And it's out of my system!
4	(very bored, he tries to avoid the conversation speaking to Charlie) So, where did you get your undergraduate degree?
4	(to Charlie) Oh, it's not over!
4	So basically all nuts?
4	I've lost the will to live.
4	Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... (aping Professor Spafford) When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll...
4	(entering with Charlie) Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica.
5	Oh, wow, Molly is just great!
3	Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny.
5	What? You really think she's hot?
3	Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.
1	How do you think she's doing?
5	Am I the only one who doesn't think that she's hot? Ross?
4	Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I ....
3	Now that Rachel's gone?
4	No... I already e-mailed her.
3	Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... "(pause) You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
4	You know what? I'm gonna finish this later, ok? Let me just grab my coat.
4	(he picks up the ball) What do you think you learnt how to do in the last two minutes?? (he enters another room)
3	Maybe we finish this for him! (he sits down on the sofa and he start typing on Ross' computer) "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
1	(he stops Chandler from posting the message) No, no, no... what do... you can't do that to him!
4	(he comes back) Alright, let's go!
4	I think you made it clear you cannot be trusted with the ball inside the house!
1	(after Ross leaves the room) aaand SEND! (he hits the send button)
5	Hey! How was basketball?
1	Oh, it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
5	Oh, no! Who did that?
1	Chandler... hey... (he goes towards his room but he stops near Emma's cot) Rach... what's Hugsy doin' in the crib with Emma? (he looks puzzled)
5	She was just crawling around and she found him, so I just let her sleep with him. That's all right? Isn't it?
5	Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity?
1	I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! (pause) Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
5	Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"!
1	Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
5	Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right?
1	Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this!
5	Oh, I'm sorry, you're right.I'm sorry, good luck! (they hug)
5	SSSHHHHTTT!!He's asking her a question!!
5	NO! (pause) Or, cut!You know, that's your call!
0	Thank you!(she looks at the 3rd customer waiting for a compliment) You haven't said anything...
4	Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
4	Yeah, which was nice.
2	You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
5	Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
1	Yeah, where the hell is he?
3	(on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa....
2	Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)
2	See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? (presses down elsewhere)
1	No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...
4	Get to the problem!
1	Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
4	(looking down) Are you wearing two belts?
1	(checking) EH, what do you know!
4	You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid.
1	Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
4	You know, I really don't want to get involved in you guy's relationship.
1	Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.
4	Ok. Let's see. Oh, you should take her to the MET!
4	Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
1	(realizing) Oh, that's what she meant! (pause) You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the confusion!
1	Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET.
4	Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture, you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.
4	Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department.
2	Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! (pause) Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods?
4	(to Phoebe) Ranion's theory of species variegation?
2	Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out!
0	(to Ross) So, did you two have fun?
4	Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny...
5	(she enters wearing a bath-robe) Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play.
4	Really? Wh-what's wrong?
5	I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!!
5	... Ok, who is this?
4	I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue.
5	So hot I cried myself to sleep last night. (Joey and Chandler clap their hands)
2	Hey Mike, what's the capital of Peru?
2	No. It starts with a "v"and ends with an "x". Helpfully with a "to"in the middle.
2	(relived) Oh, whew, no, that's Bob.
2	Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't poop on the plate of cookies.
2	OK, fine, if it means that much to you I'll get rid of Bob.
2	So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers. (Mike throws out everything in his mouth)
1	(still very puzzled) Oh, yeah... of course... yeah... it's a stuffed animal... you know... it's for kids... not for adults... I know that!
5	Joey... are you sure? I mean, I know how much you love him!
1	Rachel... let's be clear on this, ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount...
5	All right... Oh, Emma loves him!
1	Why wouldn't she? He's a wonderful person!
0	Hey Phoebe... how you doin'? You feelin' better?
2	Breaking up sucks! Oh, I really miss Mike!
2	Oh God, I tried everything to make myself feel better. I even tried writing a song about it... but... I can't think of anything that rhymes with AARRGGHH!! (pause) Hey Monica, I really need your help getting through this...
3	You're not gonna need my help?
2	Well no, when I get to the point where... you know... I'm ready to hear cruel mocking jokes about Mike... I'm gonna come to you.
3	Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth (he goes towards the counter)
2	Ok. I mean I know I did the right thing. You know, Mike never wants to get married and I shouldn't be in a relationship that has no future... but... pretty soon I'm gonna miss him so much. I'm gonna wanna see him again and you have to stop me from doing that.
2	(after a pause) Unless... Maybe it's too crazy about this... Alright so... you know, there is no future... but that doesn't mean we still can't have fun. You know what? Forget what I said.
0	Really? If that's what you want...
2	That was a test and you just failed.
0	Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism.
2	(playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Ol!
0	What are you doing here!
2	Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain!
2	Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck"and "shut up and go home".
0	You know how much I love listening to your music, you know, but...
0	This is kind of a classy place.
2	(with a fancy dress, still playing and singing): It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! (to Monica, showing her dress) Classy, uh?
3	Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation.
3	I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
4	Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody.
1	Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!
4	But I'm not! (pause). You know what if you're in the mood for Thai food...
1	You got to tell me exactly what to do there.
4	Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.
1	Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right (and he bends his arm to the left. Ross then bends Joey's arm to the right and Joey nods)
3	I have a weird feeling about this place. (pause) How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet.
0	Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody is gonna wanna watch that.
3	Deposit my specimen? You know, usually I have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it.
0	Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going to be ok?
0	I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even knows you!
0	Hey, we're probably fertile, let's go home!
5	Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease!
0	Hey, Rachel, Can-can I see you for a sec?
0	Ok, then, why are you... (she opens her robe revealing a nice black dress) all dressed up??
5	When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better! (she closes her robe)
0	You just wanna stay home so you can make a move on Joey!
5	Oh, no, no! I heard you before, that is so not what this is!
5	Ok! (whispering) Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you!
4	(looking at them) Wh-what's going on?
0	Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof!
5	And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!!
5	Ok professor or detective?
2	Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us?
2	And that horrible museum tour!
5	Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
5	Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...
5	No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you.
5	Hello. (to Gavin) But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ... (sees Gavin staring at Heather) I'm sorry, obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait 'till it's finished.
5	I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!
5	Oh wow, you are really, you're really a creep.
5	Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass". (Gavin starts looking) Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your subordinate.
5	That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had a deap meaningful relationship.
5	It was ... (can't remember) oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
0	Damn it! Rookie mistake!
4	(yelling at Chandler) I have sex with dinosaurs??
3	I believe I read that somewhere!
4	That only is not funny, it's physically impossible! Ok? Depending on the species I'd have to have a six foot long... (pause) It's not funny!!
3	I respectfully disagree.
4	I can't believe you put that on my alumni page!
3	Who cares? Nobody reads those things
4	You'd better hope not because I just read what you put on your page today.
3	I don't have a page.
4	Oh oh oh! I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE!!
1	Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel... with Emma's chubby little hands wrapped around ya. (he picks up Hugsy) It's okay, Emma, you stay asleep. (Emma cries)
5	(threatening Joey with a scrunchy): Step away from the crib, I have a weapon!
1	It's okay, it's okay Rach, it's me. Put down the scrunchy.
5	What are you doing?
3	Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please?
4	(high pitched voice) Check again please!
3	Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
4	(mumbling) She doesn't know what to say!
3	Just give us the cheapest room you have.
4	Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves.
3	Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? (pause) We'll take it.
3	(aside, to Ross) What!? They are totally ripping us off!
0	This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to! (leaves)
3	I'd love to stay, but I have eh... (points at the cup) got a hot date... (starts to leave)
3	(disgusted) I think it just fell off. (Leaves)
2	(In a strange heavy accent) Hello "ja", it's time for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole.
5	Wow, a Swedish massage from a real Swedish person. (Puts her head in the hole and Phoebe enters)
2	Okay, then I'm Swedish...
0	So, what's your name?
2	It's a normal Swedish name... Ikea...
5	Oh... what an interesting name.
2	(pushes her head back down) Time for your scalp massage!
5	(Sees Phoebe's slippers through the hole) Wow... I really love your... (startled as she realizes those are Phoebe's slippers)
2	Is something wrong?
4	No, I arranged that...
1	(sounds tired) Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
2	We know about your party Joey.
0	The game's over! Take off your robe!
1	(to Charlie after covering himself up again) Nice to meet ya! (Charlie waves hesitantly and Joey leaves)
1	(To some people) Hey! Hey alright! Hey, glad you could make it (Shakes a man's hand) Thanks for coming.
0	Oh my God! Kyle Lowder!
1	Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something...
0	Oh yeah that's what you want - my inhibitions lowered.
0	(Excited) Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself.
0	(Shocked) Oh my God! Chandler!
0	(to Rachel) Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes"crap. I want "love".
5	Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!
5	Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend?
1	Man, I wish I had a nanny like you.
0	Would you stop staring at her?
3	I wasn't staring. I was leering.
0	What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind of way.
4	Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone attractive. Makes me feel like I earned it.
3	Looks like Joey is doing allright with her.
0	Yeah. Hey, that was nice of you guys to back off and let Joey get the girl for once.
4	Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you - wovyou dovyou ...
0	They've elected me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.
1	Well, I heard Emma stirring, so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
5	Oh, oh thanks. Alright well, now that I'm up I'm going to go to the bathroom.
1	(placing Hugsy back in the crib) There you go sweetie... (to Emma) This isn't over.
0	Alright, wait a second, why would Ross tell everyone in your class that you are as... (reads from the screen) "gay as the day is long"?
3	Because I told everyone he slept with dinosaurs.
0	But that's clearly a joke. This could easily be true. (Phone rings)
3	Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
0	(On the phone) Hello? No, he's not here. Yeah, this is his wife. Yeah, well, it came as quite a shock to me too. I guess I should have known. Yeah, I mean, he just kept making me watch Moulin Rouge.
3	Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! (Monica hangs up) I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go (starts typing something).
0	What are you doing?
3	Oh, you'll see my friend.
4	Posting that I died? That really isn't funny.
3	Well, how you died was funny.
4	Oh please, hit by a blimp?
4	Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six!
3	Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there!
4	C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time!
3	Dude, you're shaking!
4	I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple?
5	God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow!
1	Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
5	Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress.
1	Oh, all right, I can ask Monica.
5	Oh screw her, that part is mine!
5	No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... (pause) Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden?
2	(Thinks for a few moments) Uhm... Stockholm.
5	Damn! I wish I knew if that was right!
1	(gesturing at an imaginary painting) Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
4	Now, do you have any idea what you just said?
1	(shaking his head as if to say: of course not!) No, no, my mouth says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!
4	Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you.
4	Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time for this.
4	Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly!
1	Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".
1	No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".
4	Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance?
1	Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! (Reaches out to touch the imaginary painting).
3	(To the nurse at the nurses' station) My specimen is in the room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! (walks towards the common area and sees Janice is still there) Janice! You're not... gone?
5	Ok actually Mon, Matthew was just giving me his phone number.
0	Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married!
0	(to Rachel) Look at you with all the guys!
0	I guess you have forgotten all about Joey?
5	Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler!
0	Please... Chandler is the love of my life... (At which point a man in leather pants walks by)... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! (Follows the man in the leather)
4	(to Charlie) So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh?
4	Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer?
4	You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer?
4	... And you called him Alby!? (laughs) I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby...
4	Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10!
5	(to Joey) Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really prefer if you didn't go after her.
5	Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.
1	So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? (thinks about it) Yeah, sounds about right.
4	Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.
1	Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
4	What are you, a child?
4	Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy on someone else.
0	(to Chandler) Take me home! (they quickly leave)
2	What are you doing?
2	No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.
3	It kills over one americans every year.
4	Unbelievable, my classmates are gonna think I'm dead, my professors, my... my parents are gonna get phone calls. You're messing with people's feelings here.
3	You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
4	You've really crossed the line here, but that's okay, it's ok 'cause I'm on my way to buy some Photoshop software and a stack of gay porn. That's right! Your coming out is about to get real graphic.
2	God, I wish Mike were here.
0	Okay if Mike were here what would the two of you be doing?
0	What are you, animals? It's 4 o'clock in the afternoon!
2	I gotta call him. Just to talk to him, there's no harm in that.
0	Phoebe, that's how it starts. I don't need to eat the cake, I'll just smell the icing... why don't I just eat a little sliver, or, okay, just a slice or two. And next thing you know, you're 210 pounds and you get wedged in going down the tunnel slide. Phoebe, honey, I know this is hard. Look, if you talk to him, you're going to wanna see him. And if you see him, you're going to want to get back together with him. I know that's not what you want. (pause) Give me your phone.
0	This is your cellphone?
1	Right... (pause) ok, so just from the top of the page, right here.
5	Okay. (pause).(acting) Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you here.
1	Ah, Rach, it doesn't say that!
5	just... don't talk... (she kisses him)
5	(waking up) Ehhh, aw! (pause). Well, that's new!
4	(on the phone) Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? (pause) Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? (pause) Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons.
4	Nice, put it with the others.
3	And I also got... two more apples.
4	We are four short of a bush-o (pause). God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!
3	I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant.
4	Oh, that's not cool.
3	I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs (goes to take the bulb)...oh, you already got that.
4	Not my first time in a hotel, my friend.
3	Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over!
3	I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet... I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
3	(Slightly panicky) Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby?
3	(smiling again) oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to... come here and do... 'that'...
3	(stares at her intently, then yells) It was a "Wendy's!! "
2	(Singing) "Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! "And that is the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking! (looks annoyed)
5	Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have a friend who is a masseuse.
5	Yah! She's... uhm... not very good though... (Phoebe looks devastated)
2	Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is?
5	I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy fingers from playing crummy guitar...
4	(very interested) Oh! like what?! (Charlie looks at him confused, but smiling) Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood".
4	Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize?
4	(a little suprised) Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart
4	Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him?
4	Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? (takes the half-full glasses and goes to the counter)
4	(sarcastically) Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out.
2	Oh, What's the matter?
4	She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth.
5	I always loved that!!
4	Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... (gestures with his hands and says in an impression voice?) "Can we walk"? (Phoebe starts laughing) Oh, you... you like that?
4	You said you'd marry Joey?
5	Okay you have to realize, I was exhausted, I was emotional, I would have said yes to anybody. Like that time you and I got married! (Pause) I'm not helping.
4	So you said yes to him, and you just had our baby?
5	That is right and traditionally the daddy is supposed to give the mummy a present but I am prepared to let that go.
5	Well-Really? I thought Chandler was your best friend.
4	Well, Chandler's my oldest friend, but Joey's my-No! Ah! (points at Rachel)
1	(Enters) Hey you guys I'm gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
4	Rachel said she'd marry you?!
1	(He looks around the room) This isn't the right room, sorry folks. (leaves)
0	Ok, I don't wanna be negative so I'll say that most of the signs you bought are good.
5	(seeing the ring) Oh my God. (Pause) Okay.
5	So uh...I guess we should...make it official huh?
1	Uh... Look Rach...(Ross enters.) Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It's my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
4	Hey Joey. (To Rachel) Hey you.
1	Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I'm really more of a candy guy. (Laughs.)
4	You're weird today. (He turns to Rachel and Joey puts the ring back.) (To Rachel) Listen I uh, wanted to talk to you about something.
2	I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? (starts looking) Bob! Robert! (looks at cabinet under sink) Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies! Bob's a mom!
2	I don't know, I kinda like Bob for a girl.
2	Oh my god, we killed Bob!
3	Seriously dude, 3 years ago.
4	Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?
3	You don't trust him?
4	Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her daughter, the "hot nanny".
3	Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now.
4	You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me?
3	Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it.
4	Well we gotta do something, ok? Nannies like her don't grow on trees. (pause)
3	Picturing that tree?
0	This is your current cellphone?
2	Yes, it reminds me of a simpler time.
0	Phoebe, where's your purse?
0	No, no! Give it to me!
2	Damn you Monica Geller hyphen Bing!
1	Hey, look who's here! It's Joey, and he brought home a friend.
5	Joey, Emma's right here! You promised not to bring girls home in the middle of the day anymore.
1	No, no, it's not a girl, it's... a brand new Hugsy!
5	Oh that's so great, now Emma has two Hugsy's.
1	No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
5	Oh you know what? When I was a little girl I had a little pink pony named Cotton. Oh I loved her so much, I took her everywhere, I would braid her tail...
3	Ok, how about this (picks up the remote control)?
4	No, no, no, you can't take the remote control!
3	Yes, but the batteries...
3	Thank you, thank you very much!
4	Let's celebrate with some maple candy!
4	At least tell me where you hid it.
5	Can I ask you a question?
5	Have you ever had any weird romantic dreams?
0	Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
5	Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey.
0	Wow, do you mean like kiss him-kiss him?
5	Oh yeah! I mean, that was pretty intense.
2	Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're such a high maintenance tight ass!
5	For like a half an hour! Man, you can lie about Sweden!
2	How can you come here?
5	How could you not tell me you worked here?
2	I don't have to tell you everything!
5	Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting a free massage!
5	Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here?
5	Good for you Pheebs!
4	(recovers his composure and starts typing) Respectfully, professor R. Geller. (hits <return>, closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the sofa) Hey!
4	Hey, how was the Met?
2	(still laughing) No. (points to Rachel who stuck two straws in her mouth to look like a mammoth's tusks)
5	Come on! I think this is funny! (Ross leaves)
3	(To himself) oh yes, God yes!!
3	I... I don't know... you seem lovely.
1	Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. (To Dirk) Dirk, this is my good friend Ross. (Ross and Dirk shake hands)
4	Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology.
1	Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or...
4	Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys.
4	I'd lead with that.
0	That's it, just sign right on the bra (the actor does so).
0	Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year!
2	No they ran out of "It's a girl"but I can fix this one, (She writes "not"in between it's and a) See?
0	(looking at Chandler sleeping with a balloon in his mouth) So sexy. (Waking him up.) Honey.
0	Honey why don't you go lie down.
3	No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office (Pulls another balloon out of his mouth) Am I producing them?
1	Why're you so tired?
3	Couldn't sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn't sleep. Y'know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I'll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I'll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn't fall asleep.
1	You know what you should've done, you should have told yourself that little story.
0	Phoebe did the signs!
5	Oh you guys thanks for doing this.
2	Look at all the stuff people sent!
5	Oh Ah! (Sees a big stuffed gorilla) Oh my gosh there's something every mother needs, a giant stuffed gorilla that takes up the entire apartment! What are people think... (Reads the card) Oh you guys I love it.
1	Hey so where's Ross?
5	He's downstairs getting the rest of the stuff out of the cab.
1	Is he still mad at us?
5	Well, you more then me, but he can't stay to mad at me. I mean, I just had his baby.
5	Uh yeah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
4	Uh Joey, can you give us just a minute?
1	Oh, I'm sorry. I meant no.
0	(entering with everyone else including Mr. Geller) Hi! Hey look who's here!
3	He pulled a quarter out of my ear!
4	Hey, where's uh, where's mom?
0	Oh, Aunt Liddy's coming? That means we get five dollars each!
4	Uh Dad, Emma's in the nursery. I'll take you now. If you want, but (To Rachel) I really want to talk to you.
5	I know, I still need to talk to you.
1	Oh hey but, before you guys do that (To Rachel) I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
2	(To Monica) Oh and I need to talk to you.
3	Where you going, Joe?
3	Oh. You mind if I join you?
1	Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize my thoughts.
3	Your thoughts? Plural?
1	Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta see her!
3	I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.
1	Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
3	Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.
1	Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
1	Fine ... mediocre porn
5	Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone! (takes the phone) Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll pass you back to your son (gives phone to Gavin)
5	Um, excuse me Gavin, I have a question I need to ask you.
1	Make the transfer! (She does so)
5	Should I be concerned that a button fell off the old Hugsy and I can't find it?
1	Oh, no don't worry about that, I swallowed that years ago.
5	Oh, I don't think she likes the new Hugsy.
5	Yeah, I think she wants the old one back.
1	(to the new Hugsy) You're not the same!
2	You know, it's a lot less surprising to do that after I've buzzed you into the building.
0	So Phoebe, why are there men's shoes by the door.
2	Those are my shoes.
0	Oh, when you get over this breakup we need to go shopping.
0	What do you think brought than on?
5	I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday.
0	A love scene? With who?
0	Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! (pause) Oh right, real life more important.
5	So do you think that my dream means anything?
0	I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake.
5	Ah! Well it was Joey reading Drake's lines in the dream...
0	Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.
5	You took the same class twice.
2	Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant (she dons a top hat) uh, huh wait! (she raises a pair of spectacles to her eyes) Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man.
0	Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place.
2	Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault.
0	Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
2	Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back (she puts the hat in a bag and she crushes it angrily on the floor with her foot).
4	Yeah? Joey really knows his art, huh?
4	(perplexed for a moment) Wait a minute... when you guys walked into the Met, did you go to the right?
4	(shaking head) Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like you guys are having a great time together.
4	What, I mean, a little, but no, what, go on.
4	(slowly) Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else.
4	And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You know, that's the kind of guy Joey is.
4	That was going to be my next argument.
1	(To Rachel) What have you got there?
4	Just some boys gave me their phone numbers.
1	Ah, let me see! (she hands him a pile of tissues) Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
1	(browsing the tissues) Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug (discards one). This guy's Canadian (discards another). And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different.
1	(discarding all the remaining tissues one by one) Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
1	Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
5	Joey, you're so sweet.
1	That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
5	(surprised) What? (with a nervous smile) Really?
1	Yes, 'cause we live together, that's a joke!
5	Oh! Screw it, I didn't get it! (they high-five)
5	Oh, Very funny... Joey.
0	Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry.
1	That's not fair! I can't do that.
5	Yeah, I'm not so sure you should be here when he comes up.
1	See this is what I was afraid of, I didn't think I should be here either but somebody (Looks at Chandler) said he'd be over it by now.
3	Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla.
2	She's just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
0	Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
4	(enters from the bed room) Okay I put most of the stuff away.
5	Oh great, the pacifiers?
2	Wow you guys got a hospital? Fancy!
4	No I left the diapers at the hospital! There's some in the bag but I'll run out and get some more.
5	Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin?
5	Umm let me think...What do I want, what d-o I w-a-n-t...
4	Please take your time, it's an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
0	Wow, he's really not letting this go, is he?
2	To see if know what these guys are talking about.
0	Isn't she beautiful?
2	(taking Ross aside) Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?
4	Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys all came in the room.
2	Yay! It's so exciting! Wow, you could've done that with us there.
2	Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can't talk to Rachel.
4	What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
1	(taking Chandler aside) Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a second?
1	Dude I just did something terrible.
3	That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
5	If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?
5	Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to you, you "momma's boy", starting right now.
0	Ready for your birthday lunch?
5	Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented colleage and more importantly my wonderful friend Gavin Mitchelle.
0	Pleased to meet you. So you're coming to Rachel's party tonight?
5	Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his mother.
5	Why did you invite him?? I can't stand that guy!
0	You were just being so nice to him!
5	I was faking it! Can't you tell when I'm being fake?
5	Hey, Mr Philips, nice suit!
2	Monica, I really appreciate you checking in on me, but I'm actually feeling a lot better. Yeah, I just kinda want to be alone right now.
2	I ordered Chinese food.
2	What are the chances? 1 billion Chinese people and they send Mike!?
0	(To Mike) What are you doing here?
2	I'm sorry, I broke down... I wanted to see him.
0	Damnit Phoebe! How did you even call him?
2	There is a speakerphone on the base unit...
0	Base Unit! Think Monica! Think!
0	(to Mike) This doesn't concern you!!
0	Look, guys, you can't do this, it's just going to make getting over each other, that much harder.
2	Not if nothing happens. Why can't... why can't we just hang out as friends?
0	Sure! If you're just gonna hang out as friends, then maybe I'll join ya. You know, I'm your friend (to Phoebe) and Mike's friend (Mike is sceptical).
5	Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work...
2	My songs aren't good enough for your restaurant?
5	Ok, we're still on that.
0	I didn't say your songs were not good enough.
2	Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food?
2	Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but (peering through her spectacles) I can't see it, I can't see it"!
0	Phoebe, it's not about quantity.
2	Well...it's not about quality.
0	Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in.
2	Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica.
4	All right! (Checking his watch) Yes!! From home to the hospital in under seven minutes! We did it!!
4	No, but come on, we're off to a great start aren't we? I knew I'd get you here fast, but this has got to be some kind of a record!
4	Wait a minute! How-how the hell did you beat us here?
1	(aside, to Ross) Hey Ross! That art stuff worked, you hooked me up.
4	Glad I could help man.
1	Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna be, but... (confidently) I made it work.
3	(picking up a plastic cup similar to the one he deposited his specimen in) It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now.
3	Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. (pause) No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? (his smile fades as he hears the answer) Oh. (pause) Well, so what does that mean? (pause) Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. (hangs up)
3	Doctor Connelly just called.
0	With good news? (very quickly and wringing hands) Of course it is not good news, you just said (deadpan) "Doctor Connelly just called". If it was good news you would have said (excitedly) "Doctor Connelly just called! "But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem with me or with you?
3	Actually it's both of us.
3	Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable environment.
0	Oh... what does that mean?
3	It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. (pause) It means...
3	(seriously) It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us.
3	Well, we're gonna... we're gonna figure this out.
3	Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
0	You really liked it?
3	Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
3	Did somebody sign your bra?
0	So I got it when I was 13...
2	Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper?
4	It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize.
2	Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know, slum it with some average Joe Phd.
4	Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited.
2	You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny...
2	Ok well give her a chance to see all of that!
4	Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her.
2	Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch!
4	Stop going through my stuff (walks away)!
5	God how long do you think that's gonna last?
2	I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break"thing really quickly.
5	Y'know I can't even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can't believe how much I love her, I can't get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her.
2	You know that's... that's her.
5	Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I'm gonna wake her up.
5	Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! (Waking Emma up.) Come on little girl, hi!
2	I can say I told you so but she's kinda doing that for me.
5	Oh I'm sorry mummy's so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep
0	Breaks your heart doesn't it
2	It really does... how long do you think we have to stay?
2	Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
0	Alright here's something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
5	Oh (happy) oh no just stopped to throw up a little bit. (Emma starts crying again.) Oh come on, what am I gonna do, its been hours and it won't stop crying.
0	Umm, she Rach, not it, she.
1	No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
3	What?! Why does she think that?
1	Because it kinda looked like I did.
1	Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand...
3	As we all are at some point during the day.
1	It wasn't my ring! It fell out of Ross's jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
3	Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
3	And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
1	I know! I know it's awful.
3	Well, what did she say?
1	Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?
0	Right there! That was so fake!
5	(to Monica) I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the last person I want to see.
0	Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.
5	God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.
0	Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly had a crush on me?
5	Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you over.
5	Oh, ok, thank you. (Molly leaves) (to Monica) Do you see what all the guys see in her?
0	Wouldn't kick her out of bed. No more Vodka for me! (put her glass down)
1	Hey Rach, so can I sing happy birthday to you now?
1	Oh ... (Starts to sing) Happy birth ... (sees Molly leaving) oh, see you later (runs after Molly)
0	Hey Rach, somebody got you shoes!
2	Be careful, be careful! These are my rat babies!
0	Oh wow wow wow!! Make room for your friend! (sits herself down between them)
0	I've been pretty good!
2	Thanks, you look good too.
0	Oh no no no no... this is dangerous territory. Keep it clean!
2	So how's the piano playing going?
2	I've missed you too.
0	You know, on the way over here, I saw this drunk guy throw up. And then a pigeon ate it!
3	Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... (-looks at laptop screen)..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
4	uhu uhu, check this out. (Chandler sits down and looks at laptop screen)
3	Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
0	Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs.
2	Ear plugs, or cloves of garlic?
0	You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy.
2	What are people having, the garlic Martini?
3	Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps.
3	Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax.
4	Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game.
4	There's something new in the bowl.
3	Look, we have enough, just walk away.
4	No, but I want...I want the pinecones!
3	There's a forest right outside.
0	We took a cab. Did you guys walk?
4	Okay is there some kind of magic tunnel to this hospital?!
5	Ross, you stay here and talk, I'm gonna go have a baby.
4	Okay. Okay. (To the nurse behind the desk.) Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I'm Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.
5	(interrupting her) Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I'm sorry, semi-private? We (Laughs), we asked for a private room.
3	Man, if only you'd gotten here sooner. (Ross turns and glares at him.)
5	Okay. Just give us a second. Ross! (They walk away from the desk.)
5	Give her some money.
4	I really think they're out of rooms.
5	They're not!! Ross, they're just saving them for the important people!! Okay?! What-what if I was the president?!
4	Well then we'd be in a lot of trouble, you don't know where any countries are. (Rachel glares at him.) Okay. (He goes over to the desk followed by Rachel.) Uh, say would you umm Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have (Handing her some money) opened up?
4	Hey! What are you guys looking at?
1	Oh, it's a poster for that World War I movie that I'm in, check it out.
1	Uh-huh! I know. I'm coming soon to a theater near you! I'm in THX! I'm unsuitable for children!
4	Now I cannot wait to see this.
1	Yeah, yeah, it's already generating Oscar buzz.
1	I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you're all invited! (They all gasp.)
0	Are we gonna take a limo?
0	Oh I love taking limos when nobody died!
2	(imitating the receptionist's tone) Good morning receptionist.
2	Rachel Green? (angrily) Son of a bitch, she came back?
2	(through the door, with a Scottish accent) Are you ready for your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy.
5	I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey.
0	No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea.
5	Please, what about you and Chandler?
0	That's different! I was drunk and stupid!
0	What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them?
5	I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey!
0	Alright (shrugs). I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision.
0	And I can't stop you.
4	(to Rachel) Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere?
2	Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler.
3	Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
0	Oh, you're so wonderful.
3	Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death (runs away).
5	Yeah, I'm not so sure.
0	Oh my god, I am losing my mind.
2	Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross!
4	Hey Gunther, can I get a couple of blueberry muffins to go? (He puts a bag with diapers in it on the counter.)
4	Yep, can you believe it?
4	Huh? Ooh (laughs) you mean like a... Huh?
1	(entering) Hey. (Ross turns to see who it is, and seeing it's Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.) Ross, I know you're pissed at me, but we have to talk about this.
4	(turns back) What! (Angrily) You didn't do anything wrong?!
1	I said I didn't technically.
4	Okay let's put aside that you (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) "accidentally"picked up my grandmothers ring and you (Does it again) "accidentally"proposed to Rachel.
1	Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) I don't really know what that means. (Ross just looks at him) You were saying?
4	And I can even understand that you couldn't tell Rachel, but why couldn't you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn't.
3	Well maybe you don't have to tell him anything.
1	Oh, I like that. Yeah...
3	If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
1	(laughs) Now let's not get carried away. (He walks away as Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)
3	Honey, we've been over this. I need to be facing the other way.
0	Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it'll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet's still available?
3	I'm so tired. (She starts kissing him.) Yeah okay, but no foreplay.
4	Dad seriously! Y'know you really should see someone about that!
4	I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit?
4	(noticing something) Actually umm... (He turns Mr. Geller's head to look at Emma.)
5	Uhh... I think I just got engaged.
2	Oh my God! He did it?
5	Ahhhh , you brought rats to my birthday party?
0	So this is what a stroke feels like.
2	I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility now. You know, they require constant care. You should know that, Rachel, you're a mother.
5	Are you comparing my daughter to a rat?
2	No! Seven rats! I think we should take them home, we need feed them.
5	whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of rats?
2	Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone can afford help. (she and Mike leave)
4	Where the hell are Joey and Molly? I asked you to watch them.
3	(In a helium voice, holding a balloon) I'm sorry, I got a little occupied.
4	We have to stop them before something happens!
3	(still helium voice) Right behind you, big guy! (they both head for the door)
1	So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
1	Oh, I didn't go to college.
1	Molly ... people don't study acting ...
4	Eh..actually no, I don't need to because your little "Ross is dead"joke didn't work, ok, there were no responses. Nobody posted anything on the website, nobody called my parents, so the joke my friend is on you. Nobody called, nobody wrote anything, nobody cares that I'm dead. (silence) Oh my God! Nobody cares that I'm dead!?
3	No, come on, you know that's not true.
4	What are you talking about? You get sixty responses just for coming out of the closet! I didn't get one response! And I'm dead!
3	Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
4	I can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner? And I carried that guy! (gets up from his sofa)
3	Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
4	You're right. There isn't a decent outlet.
3	Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
3	Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? (looks at laptop screen)You're having a memorial service for yourself!?
4	No! That would be stupid! You're having it for me!
3	Ross, don't press send, don't press se... !
4	oh, too late, too late! It's sent... oops sorry and so is the picture of you and the police man...
4	(to the receptionist) Thank you for a delightful stay.
4	Oh, my maple candy!
2	(singing) Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you..
0	Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall.
2	You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself.
0	Ok, you have to stop playing now.
2	Why? The only person my playing is bothering is you!
0	Oh yeah? Ok, let's settle this, come on!
2	(while Monica drags her in the restaurant) Get your garlic-peelers off me!
0	(to the restuarant customers) Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. (pauses as if waiting for something).. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside? (a few people raise their hands)
4	Hey you guys I got some bad news. (He sets the stack of papers down on the table.)
2	Well that's no way to sell newspapers. Why don't you try, "Extra! Extra! Read all about it!"
4	No, Monica's restaurant got a horrible review in the Post. (They all gasp.) I didn't want her to see it, so I ran around the neighborhood and bought all the copies I could find. (He hands the paper to Phoebe and they all read it.)
0	(seeing the stack of newspapers) Oh my God! Look at all the newspapers! It must be a good review! Is it great?!
4	But the good news is, no one in a two-block radius will ever know.
0	What about the rest of Manhattan?!
4	Yeah, they all know.
0	Oh my God, this is horrible!
5	Yeah but y'know what they say Mon, "There's no such thing as bad press."
0	How cool is this?! We know three down! I'm touching three down! (She has her hand on his shoulder.)
2	Oh, Ross, Mon, is it okay if I bring someone to your parent's anniversary party?
2	Well, his name is Parker and I met him at the drycleaners.
3	Oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers? (Sits up) Who said that?
2	Yeah, he's really great though. He has this incredible zest for life, and he treats me like a queen, except at night when he treats me like the naughty girl I am.
0	(To Ross) Oh, by the way. Would it be okay if I gave the toast to mom and dad this year?
0	Yeah, I'd really like to.
4	Okay, hopefully this time mom won't boo you.
0	Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it's always really moving, and always makes them cry. Well this year I'm going to make them cry.
3	And you wonder why Ross is their favorite?
5	(standing up) Okay. Y'know what? I'd have to say I really don't care for your tone. And this is not the only hospital in this city and we have no problem to - Whoa! (She starts a contraction) Oh gosh! Whoa!
5	Ow! Ow! Contraction. (Sits back down.) Ow-ow! Ow-ow! (Starts breathing heavily.)
5	Yeah, it couldn't hurt to look.
5	Thank you. (Dr. Long exits.) Well, I guess we have some time to kill.
4	Yeah, guess so. Whew! Check these out! (He's looking at the stirrups on the other bed in the room and Rachel groans. Ross then hops into the bed and puts his legs into the stirrups.) Never done this before.
5	Yeah well it looks great!
4	Hi! Hi, I'm uh Ross. I'm here to ruin this magical day for you.
5	That's right, still no baby! (To Monica, Joey, and Chandler on the couch) Come on people! Please make some room!
4	Uh sweetie, maybe you'd be more comfortable here? (Gets up from the green armchair.)
5	You. Like you haven't done enough.
4	Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a seahorse. (She glares at him) Because with seahorses it's the male, they carry the babies. And then also umm, I'd be far away in the sea. (He sits back down.)
5	God. (Sits down.) I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life!
2	Oh I know, I've been there. I remember toward the end
5	(interrupting her) Oh Phoebe, that's a great story. Can you tell it to me when you're getting me some iced tea? (Phoebe gets up and Rachel groans.) (To the baby) Oh God, get out! Get out!! Get out!! Get out!!
3	Hey! Did you have the baby yet?
5	Do you want me to come over there and sit on you? 'Cause I'll do it.
0	What are you doing here so early?
5	They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready for the baby."Well y'know what? Screw 'em! If they don't want me there, I'll just hang out with you guys.
1	One guest? You told me I can have six tickets!
1	Oh my God. So that's it?! I only get to bring one guest?
1	I know I should've. (Makes quote marks again.) "I'm sorry."
4	Not using it right, Joe.
1	No, come on Ross! (He grabs his bag so he can't leave) Look, Ross, we have to get past this.
1	No, look, I don't know what else to do. I said I'm sorry!
1	You should scream at me, or-or-or curse me, or hit me.
4	I'm not gonna hit you.
1	Why not? You'll feel better! I'll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
1	(excited) A little bit more.
5	Well...did you know he was gonna ask me?
2	Are you kidding? I'm like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
5	And you really think this is a good idea?
2	I just talked him into it, don't tell me I have to do you too. The puppet master gets tired people.
5	I just don't know! It just doesn't feel right.
2	Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.
5	Really?! Even Ross?
1	(entering) Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh y'know what? I'll-I'll come back later. (He goes to leave but runs into Ross who's entering.)
4	Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I'll guess just...I'll come back. (Ross exits followed by Joey.)
2	There he goes, your fiancee.
2	Although he does play with himself in his sleep.
5	I can't say that I'm surprised.
4	Dad, what are you doing?
1	It can't be me, I'm standing right here.
4	Y'know what? I don't like you without mom. (To Joey) Come on. (Walks away.)
4	Molly, ah, do you mind giving us just a minute?
1	(upset) Will the stable boy never get the princess??
4	What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my couch?
1	No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her, and might want something real? (pause) Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
4	Yeah, come on in. Molly?
4	Ok ... (they leave the room, long pause) Well, uh, Joey, I guess we have no problem.
1	It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! (Chandler looks at him) The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
2	Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.
2	Well, you know what, they're our responsibility now.
2	Mate? They're all brothers and sisters.
5	I'm trying to put Emma down for a nap, have you seen Hugsy?
1	Original or crappy?
1	No, sorry haven't seen him.
5	Then what's that big lump under your covers?
1	Alright!! Fine! It's original Hugsy! No, now I know that Emma wants him but he's mine and I need him..
1	... she's being unreasonable!
5	(yelling) Joey, there is a reason that Emma loves that stupid penguin so much (Joey covers Hugsy's ears) Oh don't cover its ears! (stops yelling) It's because it reminds her of her uncle Joey!
5	Yeah! And she's comforted by him because she loves her uncle Joey so much.
1	Really? She... she loves me?
5	Oh yeah! But you know what? If you need Hugsy, don't worry. Emma will totally understand. I won't... but whatever (She leaves the room).
1	Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
5	Oooh... you're sweet, I knew uncle Joey would step up. (Turns to face Emma in the the playpen) Look Emma, look who's baaack!
1	Look forget it forget it... I can't do it.
5	Are you gonna... you're going to take Hugsy away from a little child?
0	Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? (a few raise their hands again).
2	Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky?
0	Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone? (a few raise their hands)
2	Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? (all raise their hands).
0	Excuse us! (then to Phoebe) Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now? (raises her hand)
2	Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great! (raises her hand)
0	ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?
2	Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p...
2	(smiling, raising her hand) Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me?
5	Joey, do you have peanut butter on the back of your head?
1	(Touches the back of his head and licks his fingers) Oh man! I thought I got it all!
1	I was making a peanut butter smoothy, right?
1	And I couldn't find this little plastic thing (holds up plastic thing) that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
0	You don't think that umm, (reading) "The chef's Mahi Mahi was awful awful,"is bad press?
0	Is he right? Am I really - Am I awful?
1	Yeah! Yeah Monica! You listen to me, okay? And I'm not just saying this because I'm your friend, I'm sayin' it 'cause it's the truth. You're food is abysmal!
5	My due date is in one week!
4	What are you doing up?
5	That is seven days!
4	Okay look, I had a lot of water before I went to bed. Can we do this after
5	(interrupting him) No-no-no-no-no Ross! Please, come on we do not have any of the big stuff we need! We do not a changing table! We do not have a crib! We do not have a diaper service!
4	It's funny you should mention diapers.
4	(interrupting her) Okay. Okay. If uh, if you're gonna do this, then I'm gonna do that. (Points to the bathroom.) So (Starts for the bathroom.)
5	(stopping him) Oh, wait Ross! I'm sorry, one more thing!
5	Umm, our situation. Y'know umm, what we mean to each other. And I mean we-we're having this baby together, and we live together. Isn't that, isn't that weird?
5	Joey? Are you in there?
1	(hearing Rachel and jumping up with his plate) Oh God! That's Rachel!
1	No-no, I can't! I can't! Not after the other night, it's just it's too weird, okay? Don't tell her I'm here! (Turns to run to the bathroom and his bagel falls off the plate onto the floor.) Don't eat that! (Runs to the bathroom as Rachel enters.)
3	I don't see him. (To Monica) Do you see him?
0	I don't see him. Hey! Maybe he's in the sugar bowl! (Opens the sugar bowl) Joey? Nope! (Closes the sugar bowl and they both laugh.)
5	Well, at least you make each other laugh.
5	Well, I haven't seen him since that night that he told me how he y'know I don't know, I think he's avoiding me. Why is that bagel on the floor?
0	We were playing a game.
5	Ew, was Chandler naked? Sort of like a, like a ring toss kind of situation?
0	Three down knows I'm married, what's three down doin'?
5	So did they call you to tell you your name's gonna be in this?
1	No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no.
1	Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
5	Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y'know the publicity would be really good for your career! And you deserve that! And if you do the interview you can mention, oh I don't know, gal pal Rachel Green?
3	Is that gal pal spelled L-O-S-E-R?
5	Okay, don't listen to him. Please?
1	Fine! All right, I'll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y'know, start to say something stupid.
4	Just then or-or all the time, 'cause we-we have jobs y'know.
1	Oh, not at all. Happy to do it.
0	(To Chandler) You think we're being obvious?
3	No, we're just four people with neck problems. You talk like this. (Out of the sides of their mouths.)
1	(laughs) Actually, I didn't know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn't have mattered, I'm doing this for the fans, not for the free food.
1	And I'll have all the muffins.
5	So what's the final head count on my baby shower?
2	About twenty, a couple people from work who had something else to do.
0	Also both of your sisters called and neither can make it.
5	What?! You mean they're not coming to a social event where there's no men and there's no booze?! That's shocking! I don't care, as long as my mom's here.
0	Oh my God, your mother!
5	What?! My mom's not gonna be here?!
0	Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
0	Well it wasn't my fault, Phoebe was in charge of the invitations!
2	Well I don't, I don't have a mother so often I forget that other people
0	(interrupting her) Oh give it a rest!
0	No! Really! Any time Ross makes a toast everyone cries, and hugs him, and pats him on the back and they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother."Know what they'll say this year? "God, you"
1	Well I can promise you, at least one person will be crying. (Points to himself) I'm an actor, and any actor worth himself can cry on cue. (snaps fingers)
0	Really you can do that?
1	Are you kidding me? Watch! (Makes funny faces trying to cry) Well I can't do it with you guys watching me!
3	What are you doing?
0	Oh I'm working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out. (Hands him a picture.)
0	It's a dead dog. That's Chi-Chi; she died when I was in high school.
3	It's your parents' anniversary and you're going to talk about their dead pet?
0	The good stuff, huh?
0	You got a present for my parents. That's so sweet.
4	Aww that is so cool.
1	And I got them a book on Karma Sutra for the elderly.
5	Hey, do you guys have any extra ribbon?
3	Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt, (Pause) and I think my testacles may be in here too.
4	Umm say, I-I opened this earlier (The privacy screen) but let me give you guys some privacy.
5	Oh no, I really don't want any - (He takes the picture) - Oh! Thank you. Oh. Oh Ross
5	Here comes another contraction.
4	Oh. Okay, just breathe.
2	(looking at the clock) Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.
0	Hey, you wanna see something?
1	(to Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe) Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
5	(overhearing that) What-what about me?
1	You said you didn't want to go.
5	I don't. But I would still like to be acknowledged. What? Just because I'm pregnant you think I'm invisible.
1	Definitely not invisible.
0	Well, well Ross didn't care enough to be here, so I think he's out. You snooze you lose.
3	He's not snoozing, he's teaching a class.
0	Well then somebody's snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here. (Points to her stomach just above her belly button.)
3	I haven't seen this dress.
2	Joey, you pick who ever you want. Okay? You just listen to your heart. What does it tell you? (Mimicking a heartbeat and tapping her chest.) Phoebe, Phoebe.
1	Well uh I think I want to take Chandler.
2	(still mimicking a heartbeat, only faster) Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe - Burrrrr! (Mimics the sound of a cardiac monitor going off.)
3	You really want to take me?
4	Joey, give me the bag.
4	Joe I'm not kidding...
1	I'm sorry! It was a reflex!
4	Oh my god, this really hurts!!!
1	I couldn't help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look! (He goes to punch Ross, expecting him to duck, but he doesn't and Joey punches Ross. Gunther is amused.)
4	What is the matter with you?!?
1	You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn't you duck?
4	Why don't we talk about this on the way to the hospital?
1	Good, good yeah, (Grabs the bags) maybe while we're there, they can check your reflexes. (Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it.) (Makes quote marks.) "Oops."
0	Try feeding her again.
0	I know, that's why I said again!
1	(To Ross) We're not peeking? (Follows him.)
3	Hello sir, you know Monica.
1	Hey uh, is it okay to come in?
5	Of course! Oh Joey, this ring I...it's beautiful I love it!
1	Yeah uh look Rach, there's something I gotta tell ya.
5	Yeah! Hi Emma. Hey, why do you think she won't take my breast?
1	(watching) Yowsa! (Looks away.)
5	Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your mouth.
2	No. (opens the box) wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... (starts counting with her fingers) That's math I can't even do! What are we gonna do?
2	Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat wheat thins. They're Bob's favorites.
2	You must think I'm crazy.
2	Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go. I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to my brother's triplets and I had to give them up. (Mike is shocked) I haven't told you about that yet, have I?
5	Hi. Thanks for the party, honey. Should I help you clean up?
0	No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?
5	Yeah, I just get a little bummed when my birthday's over.
0	Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from your office didn't show up (Gavin shows up at the balcony windows).
0	Oh, we weren't talking about you. No, no way to recover.
5	Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at (looks at his watch) ... 9:30?? God! Oh, this party was lame ...
0	(from inside) Again, you're welcome.
1	How do you think I got him in the first place?
0	Alright you two, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Now I don't want anything going on while I'm gone. Here's a few things you can discuss: mucus, fungus and the idea of me and Ross doing it.
2	I know, I want that too, but IS that going to make it too hard?
0	(running back into the room) Kiss him, you fool!!
0	Didn't you hear that speech? If you don't kiss him then I will!
2	Oh, I missed you so much! (she kisses Mike)
0	Hi, that's what I'm doing for Phoebe!
0	Hey, at least I knew where my guy was.
5	(to herself) Wow...definitely just Drake...
5	What...how is it going with Drake?
1	Oh...I don't think it's going very well...
5	What...that scene I saw was so good!
1	Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
5	Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment?
1	A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
1	So...I've never played that!
5	Ooh! Honey, it can't be that hard, I mean, you've been in love before?
1	Uh...well...just once...with you...
4	(stunned) (thinks) Well uh
5	I'm just kidding! You can go pee! (He does so in a hurry.)
1	(entering) Hey uh Monica, I can't remember. Did we say we were gonna meet here or at the movies?
0	We said at the movies, but
1	Okay, I'll see you there. (Starts to leave)
0	Joey! (He returns) Now that you're here
1	Sure, I can hang out 'til I have to meet ya. (To Chandler) What uh - How come you're not going?
3	I have a job interview I have to get ready for.
1	I thought you already have a job.
3	And people say you don't pay attention. No, this is a much better job. It's vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies.
1	Wow! How do you know how to do that?!
3	That's what I do now.
0	Hey Joey, come taste this.
0	Remember that guy that gave me a bad review? Well (Feeds him a spoonful of what she's cooking.) I'm getting my revenge!
4	(closes the door) Did you um - I'm sorry, did you just say it's Rachel?
4	Um, you you like Rachel?
1	Yes. I like Rachel.
1	(startled) Yeah, okay but look, buy uh - Hey-hey, y'know, y'know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn't get said enough. I like you Ross.
4	But R-R-Rachel-Rachel?!
1	Yeah, but it's not a big deal.
4	It's not a big deal? Oh, I'm sorry I just um, I what about all the stuff you-you just said? I mean how about, I like - you-you can't stop thinking about her. Like how you can't sleep?
1	I'm an actor, y'know? As-as a group, we tend to be over dramatic.
4	Rachel who's carrying my baby? Rachel?
5	All right. Well listen, if you see Joey will you just tell him uh tell him I miss him. (Exits and Joey enters.)
0	(To Joey) Okay, did you hear that?
1	Yeah, a naked bagel game? (Picks up his dropped bagel.) (To Chandler) Dude, I don't know. That's a pretty small hole.
0	Honey, you gotta talk to her.
1	I can't! Y'know? You guys don't know what it's like to put yourself out there like that and just get shot down.
3	(incredulous) I don't know what that's like?! Up until I was 25 I thought the only response to, "I love you,"was, "Oh crap!"
0	Hello? No rejection? I got shot down at fat camp! Boy, kids are mean when they're hungry.
1	All right so, so what do I do?
0	This is Rachel. I mean, what are you gonna do, never going to talk to her again? I mean I know it's weird, it's awkward, but you gotta at least try.
1	Yeah. Okay. (Goes to take a bite out of the previously mentioned bagel.) Whoa! (Stops.) I almost forgot this was on your
3	(interrupting him) We didn't play it!!
2	Okay, so when you're done with your tea I'll look at your leaves and tell you your fortune.
3	I didn't know you read tea leaves.
2	Oh yeah, I've done it for years. I actually stopped because I was so accurate. Y'know, and-and y'know, one of the great joys of life is it's-it's wondrous unpredictability. Y'know? And also tea tends to give me the trots.
4	Shhh! We're not talking.
1	Oh, you said it Mike. (Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
1	(finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (Starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.
1	Yeah, I guess it is. And so I'm gonna get on this spaceship, (Smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it) and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. (Gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne baby I'm gonna want to meet her.
3	Nice work my friend.
1	Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am
1	Well, there are so many things, it's hard to pick just one.
2	I'm gonna get some coffee, anyone want anything?
5	Oh yeah, I'd actually love a blueberry muffin and a chamomile tea.
4	Uh, double latte, extra foam.
3	And a bagel with only
2	(interrupting him) I was just being polite!
1	(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?
5	So my mother is not coming to my baby shower?!
2	No. (Pause) Neither is mine.
0	Okay, y'know what? Don't worry, okay? We'll take care of it. We'll call her. Just go home and get ready.
5	Please, make sure she comes. It's really important to me, I mean it's my mom!
2	I know. I know, what's her number?
0	Go! I have it in my book. Go! (Rachel leaves and Monica calls Mrs. Green.) (To Phoebe) Wait a minute! If you're in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her - Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it's Monica Geller.
0	(on phone) Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we've decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today.
0	Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm-I'm so sorry.
0	(To Phoebe) Oh my God, my ass is sweating! (on phone) Please! Please! Can you come? It's today at four.
3	Hey Joe! You wanna shoot some hoops?
4	(picking up Chi-Chi's picture) Aww! Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog! Y'know Monica couldn't get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.
4	You were the 200-pound 11-year-old who rode her!
2	Everybody, this is Parker, Parker this is
4	Ah, actually, I'm sorry we-we probably should get going.
5	I, uh, think you already are.
0	That's my old dog. He passed away years ago.
0	Umm, this is going to be fun. Watch me freak out Chandler. Honey?
0	Listen uh, I-I've been doing some thinking, and I don't know whether it's because we're here or Rachel's giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.
0	(freaking out) What-what-what's that now?!
3	Okay. I've been thinking about it too, and I, I think we're ready.
0	What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we're ready to have a baby now?!
1	You're ready to have a baby? My boy's all grown up!
3	But you said you were ready too.
0	Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!
3	Yes, but haven't you wanted a kid like forever?
1	(voice all high and weird) What?! Are you crazy?!
0	That's it! Right there! Is all I wanted!
5	Oh, that's very - Really very-very okay.
1	Yeah! Yeah! I mean I'm sorry, I wish I can take everybody, but y'know Chandler always supported my career. He's paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
3	So you're never actually going to pay me back?
0	Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you're gonna take him? Joey, I don't think you're comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
1	It's not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it's-it's everything. Y'know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous, and then he consoled me after I didn't get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even, even when I didn't believe in myself.
3	I always knew you were gonna make it. I'm so proud of you.
1	Thanks. That means a lot to me.
2	Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.
1	(in a manly voice) I'm gonna go shave. (Gets up.)
3	(in a manly voice) Yeah well, I'm gonna go spit. (He goes into the bedroom. On his way out, Joey gives Rachel a wide berth.)
5	Oh, I have to pee. If I don't come out in five minutes it's because I've choked to death on the potpourri stink. (Goes into the bathroom.)
2	When she comes out, you hold her nose, I'll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just (makes a popping sound) right out of her.
0	She's over a week late! She gotta have it today, right?
2	I don't know. I-I think it's still gonna be a while.
0	Hmm, care to make it interesting? I'll bet you that she'll have it by this time tomorrow.
0	How about fifty bucks?
2	Alright you guys, we can't turn on each other, Okay? That's just what she wants.
3	Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
5	Oh no, you guys, just stay here, I'm gonna go check her diaper, Pheebs you wanna come?
2	Oh I'm kinda part of this.
3	Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing
2	I knew I should have married Chandler.
3	Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
3	Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma?
0	What? Who says that?
5	I'm sorry honey, what were you saying?
1	Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that...
5	Oh look, she's pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth? (Joey gets embarrassed.) She looks scared. Doesn't she look scared?
1	Y'know, I don't really know her.
1	(To God) Are you kidding me?!
5	It's just so frustrating! Why doesn't she want my breast?!
1	I don't know! Maybe she's crazy! (Storms out.)
2	Congratulations! I didn't want to say anything in front of Joey 'cause I didn't know if he knew yet.
4	What, that we had a baby? Come on let's give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
2	No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
2	Oh, it's a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven't done the secret thing in a long time.
4	Phoebe, there is no secret. Okay? I didn't propose.
2	Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
5	Oh, you bought me a present! Why?
5	Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card (opens the card). "From Gavin"
5	(opens the present, it's a green scarf) Awww, awww, it's beautiful.
5	See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?
5	Well Monica seems to think it's because you have feelings for me.
5	See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ... (he kisses her) and you do that ... (they kiss again)
3	(sings in a helium voice) First I was afraid, I was petrified (very happy)
2	Listen, I think I've left something here.
3	Oh, well someone left this (shows a green jacket). This is yours?
0	You didn't hear the speech!
0	Hey, it was very moving! You're just heartless!
0	And I blame you too.
4	It's been an hour and not one of my classmates has shown up! I tell you, when I actually die some people are gonna get seriously haunted!
3	There you go! Someone came!
4	Ok, ok! I'm gonna go hide! Oh, this is so exciting, my first mourner! (he hides in the bedroom and closes the door)
0	Hi, glad you could come.
5	Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance?
1	(looks at her for a moment) What the hell are you talking about??
5	(shakes her head) Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene.
1	(approvingly) Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
5	(looks touched) Joey, you never..you never talked about that before...
1	Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? (In a romantic voice) And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... (Rachel looks very moved) and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you (pauses, while looking at her with sentiment) but it was worth it just to be there looking at you.
1	(excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room)
3	I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table)
0	(without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty!
4	(sounds excited) Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? (Looks around the room nervously) do you...do you guys hear a buzzing?
0	No. He teaches a course on food criticism at the New School, so before we go to the movies I wanna go by there and make him try my bouillabaisse again. Oh, I cannot wait to read the front page of the Post tomorrow! "Restaurant reviewer admits: I was wrong about Monica."
3	The front page? You really do live in your own little world, don't ya?
5	No-no-no! No, no, no, we're not married.
4	We are having a baby together, but we're not involved. (The cashier, a very beautiful woman, looks confused) I mean, uh we-we were seeing each other a while ago, but then we were just friends. And then there was one drunken night. (Rachel looks at him angrily) Or, yes stranger, we'd like this delivered please.
5	Oh yeah! Actually, that's one of the reasons why we're not a couple.
4	I chose those, I'm a paleontologist.
5	Oh. Oh yeah, don't get to worked up over it. I mean it-it sounds like he's a doctor, but he's not.
4	Yeah! I-I teach it in my class.
5	Oh my God! I'm standing at a cash register, holding a credit card, and I'm bored.
1	Look no, I-I know it's bad, and I know it's wrong. Okay? But-but it's not like anything's ever gonna happen. Y'know? These-these are just feelings, they're gonna go away.
4	Y'know what? I-I gotta go. (Starts to leave.)
1	Oh come on Ross! Hey Ross-Ross don't
4	(stops) I just - y'know - I-I just have one - Rachel?!
5	Oh-oh! Okay, she's kicking!
3	Oh! (Puts his hand on her belly.) She's growing inside you.
5	Wow that was a big one.
3	I think that's the youngest girl ever to reject me.
2	Hey listen let me ask you, do you believe in soul mates?
5	Oh yes I do. I do. I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone. And do you know how you find him? You stop looking for him. That's why I stopped looking for Russell Crowe. He'll find me.
3	No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don't think they exist.
2	Well last night, I met Monica's.
2	Well, I left my guitar here again.
0	Oh, okay. No problem.
2	So do you want to hang out or something?
0	Phoebe! You kinda caught me at a bad time.
2	Oh are you and Chandler
2	Okay. Do you guys want me to play for you?
0	(laughs) No. (Closes the door as Chandler walks up.)
3	Hey Pheebs, what's up?
2	You ask an intriguing question Chandler Bing.
0	Okay, I'm done. Read mine.
2	Okay. (Looks at the leaves.) Ooh, I see a ladder. (Checks the book) Which can mean either a promotion or a violent death.
0	(stunned) I-I'm the head chef. I-I can't get promoted.
2	Uh-hmm. Uh-hmm, who's next?
5	Okay, I'm done. Do mine.
2	Okay. (Reads the leaves) Umm, oh! Okay, I see a circle.
2	Oh! (Checking the book) Which can either mean you're having a baby or you're gonna make a scientific discovery!
5	Well, I have been spending a lot of time in the lab.
3	What does yours say Pheebs?
2	Umm Wow, all right. (Checks the book.) Wow! Yay! Ooh, I'm gonna meet a guy! And really soon! And he's gonna be the man of my dreams. Probably not the guy I had a dream about last night. (Points at Chandler.)
4	(entering) Hey! Has anyone seen my shirt? It's a button down, like a, like a faded salmon?
0	You mean your pink shirt?
4	Faded salmon color.
0	No, I-I haven't seen your pink shirt.
4	Great! Great. Then I must've left it at Mona's. I knew it!
0	Hey! So what do you think?
3	New haircut? (Monica nods 'No.') Necklace? (No) Dress? (No) Boots? (Monica nods 'Yes.') Boots!
0	Yes! Now, they're a little more than I normally spend on boots or rent (Shows him the receipt.)
3	I'm gonna miss being able to afford food.
0	I'm sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too expensive for you."
3	She had a point. (Shows her the receipt.)
5	Oh my God! (Notices the boots) Oh Monica! Those boots are amazing!
2	Hey! I got you a present!!
3	Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it?
2	I got it for your wedding and I ordered it weeks ago, and it finally got here!
3	Pheebs you didn't have to get us anything for our wedding you already sang
0	(interrupting) I love it! It's huge!! Let's open it! Open it!! (Monica rips open the paper.)
2	I didn't know where to put it so I just left it here for now.
0	Oh well, maybe we can put it in the guest bedroom.
3	I kinda like it here.
2	Do you really like it?
0	Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like - Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
2	Oh really? What was your first?
5	Look at that guy by the window, wow!
2	He's awfully short and I think he's talking to himself. And to be completely honest, he's not that good in bed.
5	Oh, what is wrong with me lately? I mean it's like every guy I see - I mean look here. (Points behind them) Look at that guy for example, I mean normally that's not someone I would-would be attracted to, but right now, with the way I'm feeling, all I want to do is rip off his sweatpants and fanny pack.
2	Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right?
2	This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start going crazy.
5	Really?! So this has happened to you?
1	What are they doing out here? The coast's all the way over there. (Points to the coast.)
2	Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!
1	(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo - you trying to kill me?!
3	Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
4	(popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress) Come on, it's fun!
3	All right! (He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.) Isn't this a woman's hat?
1	Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
3	Y'know what, we have to turn off the porn.
1	I think you're right.
3	Yeah, that's kinda a relief.
3	You wanna see if we still have it?
3	We have free porn here!!!
1	In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I'm also a mento for the kids.(The gang shake their heads.) Y'know a mento, a role model. (Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.)
1	Oh no, I can't go. I'm practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
1	Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I'll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I'll be (In an announcer's voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
3	You'll be perfect for this! That's already your name!
1	But the audition's in a couple hours and I don't even understand the game.
4	Well do you want some help?
1	Oh really? That'd be great! You guys can be the contestants!
3	Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time.
1	(announcer voice) All right! Let's play Bamboozled!
1	Yeah, isn't that a cool name?
1	All right. Uhh, okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don't you tell us a little something about you Ross?
4	Well uh, I-I'm a paleontologist. Umm, I-I live in New York. I have a son Ben. Uh, hi Ben! (Waves.) And uh
0	It's out on the island. It's in Massapequa.
0	Okay, I got my note cards. (To Chandler) Do you got the presents?
0	And I've got the car keys.
4	So uh, he seems like a nice guy.
5	Yeah, yeah I like him a lot.
4	Ya wanna hang back and take our own cab?
5	Yeah, otherwise I'm not going.
5	This is such a great party! 35 years. Very impressive, do you guys have any pearls of wisdom?
5	(simultaneously as Ross) No, I don't think we'll be doing that.
4	(simultaneously as Rachel) We're not gonna do that.
5	No-no-don't! Don't leave me here with these people.
4	Oh uh, I'm sorry. (Runs out.)
5	No Ross! Ross! Ross! My child has no father!
4	Hi! I'm so glad you're here, but it's gonna be a while. I-I wished you'd called first.
4	Ma, you're asking me to marry you?
4	Mom no, come on! Thank you.
4	N-no! Okay? We've been through this! We're not gonna get married just because she's pregnant, okay?
4	Mom, y'know what? I-I can't deal with this right now. I'm sorry
5	Oh, thank you so much for coming. Ross, get in here!
2	Fine! I'll call Zurich and move some money around.
5	(calling from the bathroom) All right, who's turn is it to help me get up!
2	No one's here! (Monica looks at her.) Oh damnit!
3	This is so exciting! It's so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?
1	Do you mind crouching down a little bit, so that I look taller? (Chandler does so) There you go. (And they walk down the red carpet.)
3	It's just so glamorous.
2	Oh hey Mon? Rach is here! Ohh, you're still pregnant. Oh, I'm sorry. I know how uncomfortable you are. Y'know what? You look great. Yeah, like fifty bucks.
5	Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy. (Goes to the bathroom.)
0	Damnit! Damnit!! Here's your fifty bucks! (Pays Phoebe.)
2	It's interesting that you lost. Now, I forget, do you like to lose?
0	Now stop it! Double or nothing that she has it by tomorrow!
2	Until then, General Grant, why don't you set up camp (She puts the bill in her bra) right there.
4	(entering) Hey is Rachel here? We have a doctor's appointment.
0	She's in the bathroom.
4	People ask me why we're not together, I just don't know what to tell them.
3	People who've never ever been to Paris.
3	We're moving to Tulsa! (Makes a excited expression on his face)
3	Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
3	The Sooner State, whatever that is.
0	Chandler, I don't even wanna see the musical Oklahoma!
0	Are you trying to tell me that we're moving to Oklahoma, or that you're gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
3	No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. (Monica's not impressed.) I'll get out of it.
3	(hears Emma crying) What is wrong with Emma?
0	Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa.
3	Umm ma'am, do you have a minute? (She points for him to come in) I kind of have some bad news. I don't think I can move to Tulsa.
3	It's a funny story, actually. (coughs) I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I'd move to Tulsa, I didn't really know what I was saying.
3	But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain't that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright (he sits down). See, here's the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won't go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy-Please don't make me go there!
3	No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? (Pause) Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! (She glares at him.) That's a picture of your daughter, isn't it, well she's lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I'll call you from Tulsa. (Exits.)
1	Your thumb? That's weird. (Makes a fist.) You sure you're punching right? Make a fist. (Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.) Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
2	All right, me too. (They go into her room and see that she's sleeping.) Should we wake her up?
4	No! No, come on let her sleep! She's so exhausted.
4	What? (Motions for Phoebe to go outside with him.) Oh my God! She-she thinks we're engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we're engaged?!
2	Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y'know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
4	I didn't give her that ring!
2	So whose ring is it?
2	Is it an engagement ring?
2	But you didn't give it to her?
2	But you were going to propose?
2	Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
2	(likes the jacket) No, but I like it. I think I left one of my rat babies.
3	Oh, uh, well, I haven't seem it but if I do I'll let you know.
0	Ohmygod! Rat baby! Rat baby! Rat baby! (screams from another room)
2	(realizes) Ooh, maybe that's him!
3	Oh yes, yes... let me... take your coat.
3	At least he died doing what he loved... watching blimps (he goes in the bedroom)
3	Some guy, Tom Gordon.
4	I don't remember him, but then again I touched so many lives. (they press their ears against the door)
0	So, did you know Ross well?
3	(entering, very upset) Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!! (he shoves him out the door)
4	(coming in) I'm dead and no one cares?
0	I look like a man??
3	Please, one ridiculous problem at a time!
2	Hey! Oh, how did baby shopping go?
5	Oh, it was great! We got everything that we needed! Oh and Ross, almost got something that wasn't on the list. A whore.
5	Well, we were paying for our stuff and this saleswoman just started flirting with him.
2	Well did she know you two weren't married?
2	Oh my God! Well the idea of a woman flirting with a-with a single man, we-we must alert the church elders!
5	You don't understand! You didn't see how brazen she was.
2	Sounds like you're a little jealous.
5	No! I'm not! I-I-I just think it's wrong! It's-it's that I'm - Here I am about to pop and he's out picking up some shop girl at Sluts 'R' Us!
2	Yeah, I had a date with this guy, and I swear to God, he is her other half.
3	Come on, don't be crazy. (To Rachel) You don't think there's someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya? (Rachel looks at him.)
5	(To Phoebe) Well, what's he like?!
5	Of course, of course.
3	A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe!
2	He works with food!
2	Obviously, and he's British.
5	Oh, I was just gonna ask!
2	Yeah? And, he's-he's so centered and mature and confident.
5	Oh, it's so sad they never had a chance to meet.
3	Luckily, the guy she settled for can't hear what you're talking about.
2	Oh, I'm so sorry. Um, and maybe I'm wrong! I but - y'know I'm gonna go out with him again, I'll find out more.
3	You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you're still gonna date him?
2	Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl's gotta eat.
0	I just talked to Joey, I just - I want to see how you were.
2	Oh my God! You're getting a massage! You never let me massage you!!
0	Phoebe, I can explain!
2	You told me you hate massages!
2	I can't believe this! How long as this been going on?
0	Well umm, Alexandra has been
0	Phoebe, don't get upset!
2	Okay - Oop! Too late! I'm leaving! Come on Chandler let's go! (She storms out.)
3	Well, Phoebe I thought I'd - (Off Phoebe's look) - Yeah, what the hell. (Exits with Phoebe.)
1	Oh okay, okay! One more push! One more push! Come on honey, we're almost there! We're almost there!
5	Oh Joey, I'm so happy things worked out for us that we're having this baby together. I love you so much.
1	Oh, I love you too.
5	And I hope it's not an inappropriate time to say this but, you're the best sex I ever had.
1	That's always appropriate! (Back to the matter at hand) Oh, okay. One more push! One more push!
4	That's my favorite shirt! Okay? I love that shirt!
5	Well just ask Mona to give it back!
4	I don't know. I mean I-I guess I could. It's just that we didn't really end things such good terms. And if I go over there I'd be ignoring the one thing she asked me to do when we broke up, jump up my own ass and die. (Walks away.)
2	(noticing a guy sitting by the green post looking at her) Oh wait a second you guys for the last couple weeks I've been that guy everywhere I go. We take the same bus. We go to the same bookstore, the same dry cleaners; maybe he's the tea guy. (He gets up to leave, and smiles at Phoebe.)
0	Tea gives Phoebe the trots.
5	So I thought Joey and I would be okay once we hung out, but it's not even like we know how to be with each other anymore.
3	I know it's tough now, but things will get better.
5	How do you know that? What if it just gets worse and worse and worse, to the point where we can't even be in the same room with each other?!
3	I'm not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese?
3	Yeah well, too bad we're gonna have to return them.
5	Return them?! Shh! They're gonna hear you!
0	Honey, I'm not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I'm going to wear them all the time. You'll see. Besides, I love the compliments. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?
0	Nice try; I'm keeping the boots.
4	That's right, I love you! And-and I'm gonna play with you all the time.
2	How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?
5	(pause) He's talking to the baby.
2	Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can't wait to hear your first words,"I thought, "There's a trick."
5	Okay. Well, I gotta go you guys. I'll see you later.
1	Oh hey Rach, listen - Hi!
1	No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she's really interested in fashion, and she wants to talk to someone successful, y'know, to give her some advice.
5	I guess I can talk to one of my supervisors
1	Oh no-no-no-no, she wants to talk to you!
5	Really?! Oh my God! I'm successful!
1	Hey Rach listen, did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
5	(looking at her fingers) Oh my God! Let me see that! (Grabs the book from him.)
1	(laughing) You fall for it every time!
2	I brought you my old maternity clothes! (Sets a bag on the counter.)
5	Oh Pheebs that's so sweet - (Grabs a pair of pants) - Ooh, those are so cute!
0	(entering) Oh good you're all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o'clock. (To Rachel) Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
0	Well I-I really don't remember the name of it.
3	Well what did it do?
0	Well, you just - you put a quarter in and y'know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
0	Don't feel bad for me! I won like every time!
4	Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you guys are here. I've been dying to tell someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.
1	(To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
4	Professor Neuman, the head of the department, so .
5	They made you head of the department!
4	No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes! (Pause) Why didn't I get head of the department? (Goes and gets some coffee.)
1	Oh! Hey Rach, listen umm
1	I got a big date coming up, do you know a good restaurant?
5	Uh, Paul's Cafe. They got great food and it's really romantic.
1	Ooh, great! Thanks!
2	Oh absolutely yeah! Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so in, y'know, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy.
5	Wow! This explains so much! Last weekend, I went from store to store sitting on Santa's lap.
5	Well, y'know what? I go see my doctor tomorrow, I'll ask her about this. Maybe she can give me a pill or something.
2	Yeah. Yeah, that's what you need a good pill.
4	Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona ice skating?
1	Oh uh, ordinarily I would love too, but I am just swamped right now. (Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around, but doesn't move from his chair.)
4	Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us together?
1	I'm missin' picture time?! (Jumps over to look, Ross glares at him and he retreats.)
2	(sitting down next to Ross) Y'know she has a face Ross!
4	Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card y'know, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.
1	Matter of fact, I do.
1	Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise.
1	Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
1	Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
4	Wow! We are pretty good at this!
4	Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
1	Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
3	What's wrong with you?
1	Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
3	This sounds like a hernia. You have to - you-you - Go to the doctor!
1	No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.) Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
1	I said a little bit Ross. Now, how about you Chandler?
3	Well Joey, I'm a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin! (Waves.)
1	Excellent! Let's play Bamboozled! Chandler, you'll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
1	It's Ba-go-ta, but close enough. Now, you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
3	What does a Wicked Wango card do?
1	I should know that. Let's see, just one moment please. Umm, here we are, a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
3	Higher or lower than what?
1	This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
3	(To Ross) Can you believe how lame this is?
4	I'm sorry, I don't believe contestants are allowed to talk to each other.
2	Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That's good right?
0	You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!
2	What? He's gonna be dressed as a baby! (Mrs. Green enters.) Oh hi Mrs. Green!
2	I'm so glad you could make it.
4	That's a good question, dad. That's a good question
5	Thank you we're so excited
4	Dad so what we have to pretend that we're married?
4	Can you believe that?
5	Yeah, if you're going to do the ears, you might as well take a pass at the nosal area.
4	No, us having to lie about being married.
5	No, I know I don't either, but ya know what, it's their party, and it's just one night. And we don't even have to lie; we just won't say anything. If it comes up again, we'll just smile. We'll nod along.
4	Hi Aunt Lisa, Uncle Dan
4	she came and dragged me out of the labor room to ask me why I'm not with Rachel.
2	Yeah. (Pause) Why aren't you with Rachel?
4	Are you kidding? Look, we're not gonna be together just because we're having a baby. Okay?
2	But y'know what? It just seems that you two belong together.
4	Okay, stop it! I can't deal with this right now. I have to go have a baby.
2	Right. And with who again? (Ross exits.)
1	God. He's crazy! Why doesn't he want to be with Rachel?
1	I mean seriously, she's like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn't and wanted to be with me, I would take her in my arms and (Realizes everyone is staring.) I haven't bummed you guys out like this in a while have I?
4	What happened to the Disgustingtons?
5	They're having their baby! It's not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they wheeled her off into delivery. Oh but not before she gave me a juicy shot of little Jamie just crowning away.
5	(entering) All right, all right. Let's go!
4	Uh, do you wanna go change first? The doctor's keeping the office open late for us, but if you hurry
4	Really? You don't think that's a little inappropriate. (She's wearing a tank top and has her belly sticking out.)
2	Good God man don't anger it.
5	Ross, it is 100 degrees outside. For the first time in weeks, I am somewhat comfortable.
4	Fine! Fine! Y'know what? Whatever you want. Okay? You're the mommy.
5	Oh uh-uh pal! Don't call me mommy! It's bad enough you call your own mother that. (He looks at Monica.)
0	I'm actually with her on this one.
1	(onscreen) "I thought I knew who the enemy was, but it was you all along."
1	(To Chandler) Okay, this is it. It's my big fight scene coming up. (He looks over and Chandler and notices that he's asleep.)
5	Can I ask you something?
5	When Carol was pregnant with Ben
5	were you this irritating?
4	Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you've been a little short with me lately. I'm not trying to irritate you.
4	You know what, you can go, I just have to fill out some forms. (Tries to hold the pen but can't)
1	You, you want me to help you with that?
4	Why, does it look like I'm having trouble with my misshapen claw? (He hands Joey the form)
1	Name? (Ross looks at him.) I know Ross but what's it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
1	It's pretty, Okay date of birth?
4	You know my birthday.
1	Sure, May...tember.
1	Occupation? Dinosaurs.
4	Actually I'm a palian... Dinosaurs is fine... the drawing is not.
1	Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact?
4	Ah, Rachel I guess.
1	Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while.
4	Just ah... just put roommate.
1	Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you're gonna get together right?
4	I don't think that we are.
4	Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe...kinda...wanted ah...start...things up again.
2	Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.
4	Look, I didn't want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn't want to either. But I don't, I don't understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
2	No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
4	Well I didn't! I didn't propose! (Pause) Unless uh... (Pause) Did I? I haven't slept in forty hours and...it does sound like something I would do.
3	Look, we can't stay in here forever.
3	This is okay. We're all adults here; there's nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let's put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door. (They do so and find Mr. Geller leaning against a wall stunned.)
0	Hi Dad! I can still call you that right?
3	I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn't for fun.
3	(To Monica) Why? Why-why-would you-Wh-why... (To Mr. Geller) Look, I just don't want you to think that we're animals who do it whenever we want.
0	The truth is, Dad, we're-we're trying.
0	Yeah, we're trying to get pregnant.
0	Well, that's okay dad, we-we can wait until later.
3	That's funny, this conversation's how I got the bullet hole in my head.
4	It isn't ridiculous, look around! No one's here!
3	You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand!
4	Yes, you're right. Still somebody must have seen it... I mean, I went to that school for 4 years, I didn't have an impact on anyone?
3	Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
3	I'm sure it's somebody for you. Now, go hide. (Ross hides in the bedroom again)
3	Wow! You look amazing!
3	Chandler, Chandler Bing. I'm not gay, I'm not gay at all.
0	You are married though.
3	Don't listen to him, he's in a really bad mood! (lets her in)
2	Is that a real place? (Rachel's stunned) Are they hiring?
3	(entering) Hey Phoebe! (To Rachel) Fatty!
2	Hey Chandler, why so fancy?
3	Well, I got a job interview. It's kinda a big deal too. Its a lot more money and I'd be doing data reconfiguration and statistical factoring.
2	Wait, I think I know someone who does that.
3	Me! I do that. So Seriously, do I look okay? I'm little nervous.
5	Oh yeah! You really - You look great.
2	Yeah, just don't get your hopes up.
2	Well, the interview
2	Y'know! You don't make a very good first impression.
2	Yes, when I first met you, you were like, "Blah, blah, blah."I was like, shhh!
3	What is it that I do?
4	Oh y'know, I still - I can't believe it. Joey and Rachel I mean it's It's like you and me going out, only weirder!
0	All right, I know you're hurting, and-and I want to be supportive, but don't say that again.
4	Oh my God! What if, what if they get married? Then he'd be the stepfather of my child.
0	Honey, I don't think that's something we need to worry about! First of all he's-he's never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she'd react.
4	Sure, because women never like Joey. Y'know, I think he's a virgin.
0	Joey he's not even thinking about going after Rachel!
0	No! All he's thinking about is how you're taking this! I mean, listen it's totally freaking him out. He's talking about moving to Vermont.
0	He says he wants to leave the country. (Pause) He thinks you hate him.
4	Hate him? I No, I don't hate him. (Pause) It's just it's Rachel, y'know?
0	Honey I can't even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don't want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you're still his friend.
4	Okay. Okay, I'll talk to him.
4	(crying) I hope you're a better father than you're a friend!! (Cries again and Joey wakes up in horror.)
1	What? What's going on?
5	Come feel this! Come feel my belly!
5	Joey! The baby is kicking for the first time! Will you please come feel this?!
1	Oh, y'know what? Maybe uh, you you should come to me. I'm a not, I'm not wearing any bottoms.
5	Aw, it's unbelievable! Wow! She is kicking so much! Oh, she's like umm oh who's that kind of annoying girl soccer player?
1	Oh that's amazing. (Drops the sheet.)
5	(looking down) Oh-oh!! One hand on the sheet Joe!
1	Whoa-hey-oh! Sorry!
0	Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don't like us do they? (They gave them a pok-a-dotted punch bowl.)
3	Who says you can't get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
0	No, it doesn't say where it came from. Where would we return it?
3	How about to the street say from the balcony?
0	Okay, now this one is rare, this one is medium well! Now go-go-go! (Phoebe enters) Hey Phoebe!
0	Hey how was dinner?!
2	I'm just saying hi! Now I'm gonna go!
2	(To him) Oh, well hello there.
2	(To Monica) I didn't see this on the menu.
0	Uh Tim? This is Phoebe. Phoebe this is Tim, my new sous chef.
2	Oh, so you're Monica's boss?
0	Honey, what is the Bruce Springsteen CD in the Kat Stevens case?
3	Let's just say if I can't find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one.
0	Okay, where is the Kat Stevens CD?
3	In the James Taylor case.
0	Where is the James Taylor CD?
3	Honey, I'm gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case.
0	Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we're just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
3	Well, if we're gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Y'know alphabetically or by genre?
0	Hmm, I don't know. We really have to talk this through.
5	Oh my God!! You guys have such problems!! I feel so terrible for you!
0	Okay, I-I'm sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
5	Oh yeah. That makes sense.
1	Okay, so will you meet with her?
5	Yes! I'd love to! Have her come by the office.
1	Great! Thanks! You're gonna love her so much. And - Oh, she's the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey, y'know the S.A.T's?
2	Hey Ross! Doesn't Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?
2	Sting has a son that goes there too!
4	Yeah I know; he's in Ben's class.
2	You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!
4	Fine! No more dinosaur stuff! Can I talk about fossils? (Joey is about to sit down and hears this so instead he groans and exits.)
2	Sting's son, seven years old and there's a picture.
4	What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?
4	Uh, I actually haven't even met him.
2	Uh-huh, yeah that's too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it's totally sold out. I know! Why don't you meet him and get tickets?! If you get two I'll take you.
4	Well actually, I'm picking Ben up tomorrow, maybe he'll be there.
0	See Chandler? I'm getting a lot of use out of them already! They're very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants
0	He was in Ross's class marching band kinda overweight? Well, really overweight. I mean I was his thin friend.
5	Wow! I don't remember him. Honey, are you sure you're not talking about your imaginary boyfriend.
0	No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven't thought about him in a long time (Stares off into the distance lost in thought.) (Pause) Anyway, umm Will's, Will's here on business and he didn't have a place to go so I invited him here.
1	I just want you to say it once in a while.
0	All right okay, just so you know, I'm not gonna make a turkey this year.
0	Well Phoebe doesn't eat turkey
2	Turkey's are beautiful, intelligent animals!
1	No they're not! They're ugly and stupid and delicious!
0	All right! Okay, it's just Phoebe. Will's still on a diet, Chandler doesn't eat Thanksgiving food, and Rachel's having her aversion to poultry.
5	Remember I had to leave the room the other day when you had that roast chicken?
1	Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
0	Anyway, it just doesn't seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It's a lot of work.
1	But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean, Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
0	All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just - there's gonna be a ton left over.
1	You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, I'll tell ya
5	Ooh, I miss dating. Gettin' all dressed up and going to a fancy restaurant. I'm not gonna be able to do that for so long, and it's so much fun! I mean not that sitting at home worrying about giving birth to a sixteen pound baby is not fun.
1	Why don't I take you out?
5	What?! Joey, you don't want to go on a date with a pregnant lady.
1	Yes I do! And we're gonna go out, we're gonna have a good time, and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out
5	(interrupting) Okay! I'll go with ya! I'll go! I'll go with ya.
2	No. No! Yes! Ahh. Oh, would you look at that Monica? I just knocked off all of your top scores, how sad.
0	Okay, I'm next. (Phoebe starts another game.) Don't! Don't start another game! I said I'm next! Phoebe!
2	Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't hear you over all the winning.
0	Chandler! Phoebe's hogging the game!
3	Who cares? It's a stupid game.
0	You only think it's stupid because you suck at it.
3	I don't suck. It's sucks. You suck.
2	Wait okay, if this game is gonna cause problems between the two of you, then maybe I should just keep it.
4	(pause) Together? Like-like to people?
1	(To Ross) Congratulations! You just got married!
4	I know. Can you believe that?
2	Wait, I'm-I'm sorry. What's the big deal about a holiday card?
4	Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?!
1	Hey-hey-hey, hey that's your wife you're talking about!
3	Honey, you remember my boss Doug right?
5	It's a trifle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch. [Joey and Ross make impressed faces] Then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, [Joey and Ross look like something's wrong.] then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
4	It tastes like feet!
1	What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood.
1	The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes - Hey, what was in that brown jar?
3	That's still in there?!
5	Oh! Yay! Look! There's a piece that doesn't have floor on it!
3	Stick to your side!
1	(pulls out a fork) All right, what are we havin'? (Starts digging in.)
1	Uhh, I don't believe in these crazy diets y'know, just everything in moderation.
1	I'll take those to go. (To the interviewer) For the kids.
1	It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn't have said. But believe me, that's not gonna happen today.
1	Well, I said that I (The gang jumps up and interrupts him.)
5	(interrupting him) Hi! I'm gal pal Rachel Green, and if you want the dirt, I'm the one you come too. This might be Joey's baby (rubbing her stomach), who knows? I'm just kidding - Seriously, (leans into the cassette recorder Shelley is using) gal pal Rachel Green.
0	Yes, thank you so much. And again, we're so sorry. We could not feel worse about it.
2	Yeah I know. Isn't it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.
0	Phoebe, Sandra's mad at you too. It-it doesn't bother you?
2	No look, we've apologized twice! I can't do anymore than that. I know you hate it when people are mad at you but you just have to be okay with it.
0	Okay. I can do that. (Pause) I gotta go powder my ass.
5	Oh well actually gonna use a nanny and uh, I don't even have a housekeeper.
5	Mrs. Kay! Oh yeah, she was sweet. She taught me Spanish. I actually think I remember some of it, tu madre es loca. (I think that's your mother's crazy.)
5	Well, however great she was I just can't afford that.
1	All right Ross you're in the lead, would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
4	The wheel has not been my friend tonight Joey. Uh, I'll take another question.
1	Okay, this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
4	It's okay, I'm ready.
1	No dude, you gotta hold your breath until you're ready to answer the question.
3	I don't think the flash went off.
3	Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man.
1	I have to go to the bathroom too, but I don't want him complimenting my thing.
4	I'm so we weren't in the car! Did he ever let up?
0	He called the Long Island Expressway a concrete miracle.
4	(imitating Parker) This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture! (He backs into someone.) Ooh sorry (He looks behind him then notices its Phoebe then stops his impression.)
2	Were you guys making fun of Parker?
4	Wow! Sorry. So uh, how are the new people?
5	Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bastard. Oh God oh! Contraction!
4	Umm. Umm, I'm-I'm just gonna - (Closes the privacy screen.)
4	No-no, I'm I'm sure no one was looking. Just want some privacy. (He closes the screen and stares wide-eyed at Rachel.)
5	He's looking at me.
4	(to him) Hey! You wanna live to see your baby?!
0	Oh good God! If you want a baby so bad just go steal it!
0	What is going on with you? Since when are you so crazy about babies?
3	I'm not crazy about babies. I'm crazy about us.
3	Look, we've always talked about having babies someday. I'm not saying it has to be right now, but I'm starting to think that we can handle it. We're good. We're really good.
5	Well then you just must have a natural talent for it.
4	Y'know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don't we not speak until then.
5	(silently) Okay. (Pause) Seriously, breathe louder Ross! That's great!
4	Y'know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that's half human and half pure evil!
5	Hi Dr. Long, how are you?
4	(to Rachel) Oh, you're nice to her.
5	Well, we are ready to try anything.
5	Great! We will do all of those.
4	You've got to be kidding me!
3	Good job Joe! Well done! Top notch!
1	You liked it? You really liked it?
1	Which part exactly?
3	The whole thing! Can we go?
1	But you two were supposed to be together.
4	Well, I thought so too, but then she said she'd marry you.
1	Come on, Ross, that didn't mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
4	Yeah that's what she said.
4	So I don't wanna be just anybody.
4	You know what, it's, it's better this way anyway. I mean I don't know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It's just much easier if we're just friends who have a kid.
1	And you're Okay with that?
4	Yes. I mean, it's what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That's why they call them plans. Hello? (Pause) I'm fine.
1	Hey, for what it's worth, with Rachel I don't think you'll ever be just (Makes quote marks.) "anybody."
4	Hey there you go! (Smiles because Joey used it correctly)
5	Oh my God! How long has she been crying?
0	About a week and a half.
0	Daddy! I don't think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex.
0	I don't feel good right now.
3	Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
5	Hey. I need to tell you something.
0	Well, now's a good time. I'm on my way to have my ears cut off.
5	Joey asked me marry him.
5	Joey proposed to me.
0	Is he crazy?! You just had Ross's baby!
5	Well, I-I said yes.
0	What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross's baby! It's-it's so inappropriate. No, it's worse than that. It's wrong. It's... It is bigger than mine! (Rachel's engagement ring.)
0	You can't marry him!
5	Why not? I don't want to do this alone! And he's such a sweet guy and he loves me so much.
0	Well do you love him?
3	I didn't know Ross and you were so close.
3	I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
4	(he bounds into the lounge room) But you didn't! I'm still alive!! Kori, I know this is a big surprise for you. It's a long story but the things you just said really made my day! I mean, the fact that you are here means more to me than if this room were filled with people!
4	Did you hear that? Kori Weston had a crush on me!!
4	(on the phone) No Mum, I'm not dead. I know it's not something to kid about. It was just a practical joke between Chandler and me, but it's over, ok? (pause) Actually no, even if I had died, you would not be left childless. (pause) Monica?
2	Well it's just like you're trying too hard. Always making jokes, y'know, you just - You come off a little needy.
3	(To Rachel) Did you like me when we first met?
5	Chandler, I'm not gonna lie to ya, but I am gonna run away from you. (Gets up and hurries out.)
0	Hi! Umm, I'm Monica Geller, I'm the chef at Alessandro's.
0	I think the things that you said about me are really unfair, and I would like for you to give my bouillabaisse another chance.
1	Either eat it, or be in it.
0	Spoon? (Hands him one and he tastes it.) So, what do you think?
1	Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here; there's a new class comin' in.
0	Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bearnaise has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly tarragon.
5	All this stuff takes up a lot of room. Hey how uh, how serious are you about keeping Ben in your life?
4	My son? Pretty serious. (There's a knock on the door and Ross answers it.) Oh hey Katie! (The cashier from before) What uh, what are you doing here?
0	All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money.
2	Umm, Chandler, Monica, this is Don.
0	So, what have you guys been doing?
0	I know! What is this, 1985?!
3	What's wrong with sun-dried tomatoes? (Everyone stares at him.) On a barbecue chicken pizza? (Still there's staring.) No?
0	So Don, what-what other restaurants do you like?
0	Why don't we just find a place for it?
3	Okay. How about in that cabinet?
0	No! That's where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
3	How about the closet by the bathroom? (The secret green door by the bathroom.)
0	Oh, okay. Here, why don't you let me do it?
3	Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. (Tries the door.) It's locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
0	No reason. I-I keep private things in there.
3	Oh y'know, I've been living here a while and I've never seen what's inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
3	Don't try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff!
0	Chandler, there is nothing in there that concerns you! If you love me you-you'll let it go.
2	(entering) Hello Chandler, lovely day huh? (To Monica) You!
3	Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. (Phoebe rolls her eyes and walks away and Monica glares at him.) If! I said, "If it helps!"(Goes to the bedroom.)
2	Why won't you let me massage you?
0	Well it's I mean I'd just - I'd be self-conscious. You're my friend; I'd be naked.
2	Monica! We lived together for years! I've seen you naked!
0	Hey Tim? I need a calamari and a Caesar salad. And umm, could you get me the pesto?
2	Oh you you made pesto?
2	Would you say your pesto is the best-o?
0	All right, I still need a calamari and a Caesar salad.
2	Well, it's no pesto.
3	You know me sir. Oh ah, I do have a question for ya. Do you know how I get around the office computer network so I can access the really good Internet porn?
3	What's funny about that?
4	(running up) Hey! Sorry I kept you waiting so long.
3	Hey that's okay. So, where do you want to go?
4	Oh ah, I think you know where I want to go.
4	I'm telling you, I like the food!
0	Yeah, like I don't know, maybe you have a work problem that you need his advice on.
5	Ooh, I can do that.
3	They were just giving those away at the store (off Monica's look) in exchange for money.
0	Uh I really don't know what to tell you Rach, I really don't. I mean, maybe Joey can help you out with your, with your big work problem.
0	Yeah Joey she's Rachel's got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow! (To Chandler) Y'know what, if we're gonna make dinner we're gonna have to leave. Yeah. (She and Chandler exit.)
1	So you uh, have a big work problem?
5	Yeah it's umm Yeah it's uh It-it's y'know - It's nothing.
1	Huh. Okay. (Awkward silence.) So uh, I think I'm gonna take off.
5	Yeah - No wait! Joey no wait it is. It's something. It's-it's umm it's my boss.
5	Yeah, and umm my baby.
5	My boss wants to buy my baby!
1	What?! Oh my-oh my God!
3	You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them. (Goes and gets some coffee at the counter.)
2	Wow! They're beautiful!
0	(almost crying) They hurt so much!
0	The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!
5	Well-well you can give them to me! I haven't felt my feet in years!
0	I can't! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I'd wear them all the time, I just can't give them away!
2	Well then get your money back and return them!
0	I can't do that either! The soles' are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
4	Hey I uh just picked up Ben from school
3	(spinning around looking for him) I don't think you did a very thorough job!
4	I dropped him off at Carol's. (To Phoebe) Anyway, it turns out that I'm not going to be able to get those tickets though.
4	Well it turns out that Ben and Sting's son do not get along.
4	Apparently, Sting's son made fun of the fact that Ben's moms are lesbinims.
4	Phoebe, you can't force kids to be friends.
5	I'm having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?
2	Sure. Yeah, he's kinda sexy.
5	Oh no, no, I'll be there too.
2	Okay so, we'll just come up with some kind of signal if it's going well you can take off.
5	No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I haven't told him I'm pregnant yet.
5	'Cause I know he's gonna flip out and I hate it when he's angry.
2	Oh Rachel, this is all so 'Papa don't preach.'
5	What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he'd make me eat the entire pack.
0	I know it's last minute, but we decided to have a Halloween party.
0	And everybody has to wear costumes. (And there's general disconcertment.) Come on! It'll be fun!
4	Well, I'll-I'll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so
5	Please tell me you're not gonna dress up like a dinosaur.
4	(exhales sarcastically) Not two years in a row.
1	Look, I'll come to the party but I'm not dressing up.
1	No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, pretending to be someone you're not
0	So Ross, are you gonna bring Mona?
3	Wait. Before we go in, I just want you to know I love you. I had a great time on our honeymoon, and I can't wait to go in there and spend the rest of our life together.
0	You're really sticking with the shell necklace huh? (Points to necklace of shells he's wearing.)
1	Hey! You're back! (Hugs and kisses all around.)
2	So how was the honeymoon?
0	Oh, so much fun. But the best part is, we met this incredible couple on the way back.
2	That was the best part? (To Chandler) Good honeymooning tiger.
0	No, they were really cool. They were on their honeymoon too!
3	They're terrific, and they live right here in the city.
0	Yeah, can we go call them? Is it too soon to call? I wanna call.
3	I'm sorry, we're just kinda excited because we finally have a couple to hang out with.
3	Hey! Babe! Aren't you excited we're going on our honeymoon?
0	That's right. Get it out of your system while we're alone.
2	Yeah! Have a great honeymoon!
3	I'd better go pack.
0	Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn't find though was your Speedo.
3	A Speedo? Uh, I don't have a Speedo. I'm gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit. (Goes into the bedroom.)
1	No there won't! I promise I will finish that turkey!
0	All right, you're telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?
1	That's right! 'Cause I'm a Tribbiani! (To Rachel) And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders, we don't read a lot or run very fast, but damnit! We can eat!
0	Hey, isn't weird to think about how next year at this time they'll be a little baby at the table? (Chandler turns around in horror.) (Seeing him) Rachel's! But good to know where you're at!
2	Happy Thanksgiving!
2	Anything I can do to help?
0	Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he's really into the game so I don't want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins? (Hands her a stack of them.)
0	I'm gonna go across the hall to check on the yams.
0	No! No! No! No sweetie! No! Not like that! We're not at a barn dance. You've gotta - you wanna fold them like swans. Like I showed you at Christmas time, remember?
2	Yeah, it all just came screaming back to me. (Monica exits.) (To Chandler) So how's the game?
3	Yeah! I'm just pretending to watch the game so I don't have to help out with stuff.
2	I don't believe you! That is brilliant! And Monica has no idea?
3	Nope! Every once and a while I just scream stuff at the TV.
0	Is your team winning hon?
3	Yeah! Anderson just scored again! (To Phoebe) There's no Anderson.
0	No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don't you go home and wait for the thank you card?
3	Why do you want to play this game so bad?
0	Okay. Phoebe that's it. Come on, get out - out of the chair. Get out! (She goes to move Phoebe, but Phoebe goes limp and Monica can't move her.) Oh come Phoebe!
5	Joey? Could you get that? (There is no answer and she goes and opens the door to Joey.) What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?
1	No, I'm picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her some flowers.)
5	Ohh, Lilies. Joey, they're my favorite. Thank you.
1	And, a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well, half a brownie. Actually, it's just bag. It's been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin' to feel faint so
5	Oh man! This is so great! I actually feel like I'm going on a real date! Although, I have a hint of morning sickness, and I'm wearing underwear that goes up to about (She snaps the waistband on her underwear that is just slightly below her breasts) there.
5	Yeah, actually that's my roommate's.
1	I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
5	Ah yes, but he's very protective of me so you'd better watch yourself.
1	Ah Hey, so this roommate of yours is he good looking?
1	Oh yeah, it must be tough to keep your hands of him, huh?
3	I didn't know you and Carol were getting divorced, I'm sorry.
0	No leg-chewing for us sir.
0	I can't think of anything we're doing. (Quietly) Why can't I think of anything we're doing?
0	Okay, I'll see you tomorrow! (Doug exits.) Just so you know, we're not seeing him tomorrow. (Chandler wonders why.) I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?
0	That's because he wasn't invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party.
4	(leaning into the recorder as well) Who just lost the respect of her unborn child.
0	Joey! You're doing great!
4	Yeah, so far nothing stupid.
4	Uh no, no just-just that he is a great guy.
2	Umm, I I just think you don't expect someone so hot to be so sweet.
2	Umm, Phoebe Buffay.
2	Oh okay, it's P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in (In an Australian accent) 'Ello there mate!
1	No that's all right. Don't worry about it.
5	Oh but look! That's gonna leave a stain!
1	Rach! Hey! It's fine! You're at Joey's!
5	I've never lived like this before.
1	All right, don't waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
4	All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes (kisses Joey).
3	This is ridiculous, he's not gonna hold his breath (Ross cuts him off by taking a deep breath and holding it.)
1	Okay, what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia, Tris Holy cow, that's a big word. Trisc Seriously look at this thing. Chandler, how do you say that?
1	This one right here. (Ross whines.)
1	No! No, fear of the number 13.
4	It's possible, they have really sharp edges.
1	All right Chandler, you're up.
4	Wait a minute, I-I believe I'm entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?
3	This game makes no sense!
4	Y'know what? You're just upset because you're losing.
3	Oh come on Ross, I think we're all losers here.
1	All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
3	Let me think. Let me think - Oh! I don't care.
1	You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
3	Either, it makes no difference.
1	Choose, you jackass!
4	That depends, how much did you hear?
2	So, he a little enthusiastic, what's wrong with that?
0	It's just that, it's so much.
2	Well, so what I like him! Do I make fun of the people you've dated? Tag, Janice, Mona? No, because friends don't do that. But, do you want my opinion? Do you want it? 'Cause in my opinion, your collective dating record reads like the who's who of human crap. (Walks off)
4	What was wrong with Mona?
5	Open it! Open it! Open it!
4	No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.
5	But it was beautiful. I mean it was small, but kind of spectacular.
5	Yeah, Stevie's an old family friend. (Hits Ross's chest)
0	We are pretty good.
3	But nothing has to happen until your ready.
0	Well maybe I'm ready now. I mean, it's a little scary, but maybe it's right.
3	What?! It's not right! We're not ready to have a kid now!!
3	I'm kidding. This is going to be fun.
0	So we're gonna try? I mean, are we trying?
3	We're trying to get pregnant. (They start kissing, but Chandler stops it.) Y'know I'm not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying?
0	Okay, hold on a sec.
0	Well, we could start trying. Now.
0	No, not here. Maybe here.
3	Wait a minute, it's perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and we're in a building that's full of beds!
0	And it's so clean!!
1	Come on you stupid machine! Come on!
2	Oh, it ate your money?
2	All right, I'll see you downstairs then.
1	Oh no-no-no, give me some specifics.
3	I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part!
1	Hey, what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?
3	I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.
1	You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn't take any of my suggestions! That's for coming buddy. I'll see you later. (Starts to walk out.)
3	Don't go! I'm sorry. I'm so sorry! (Sees another guy who is still asleep.) Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him! (Looks at him more closely.) Or, call an ambulance.
0	What did the doctor say? Any news on when the baby will come?
5	No. But she did give us some ideas on how to induce labor.
4	Yeah, we tried them all. We went for a walk, uh we tried a special tea, caster oil, spicy food nothing has worked.
5	Well, there is one thing that we haven't tried, but someone thinks that, (mimicking Ross) "That will open up a can of worms."
2	Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I'm just gonna go. (She gets up and Rachel looks at her, upset, and Monica just stares.) No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right! (She sits back down.)
0	Rach, try holding her a different way.
5	You guys, I'm doing the best I can, anyone else is welcome to try.
2	Alright, I'll try, fine! Yes, Okay!
2	Shh! Nothing works with this child! (Hands her back.)
5	Oh god what am I gonna do you guys, I can't even comfort my own baby! I'm the worst mother ever!
0	You're just new at this, it'll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn't have been easy but you figured that out.
5	Yeah I don't think dressing provocatively is going to help me here! Oh my god just please take her.
0	Okay I'll take her, here. (Takes Emma)
5	I have to go to the bathroom. (Goes to the bathroom)
2	I have to go scream into a pillow. (Goes to scream into a pillow)
0	(To Emma) Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby. (Emma stops crying and falls asleep)
2	(entering) Have I gone deaf?
0	It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby!
2	You must be a fireball in bed.
5	Yeah, I mean whatever.
0	Honey, the question is...do you really want to marry Joey?
5	No. No, I don't. Could you be a dear and go tell him?
3	You still haven't told Rachel you weren't really proposing?
1	No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.
3	Joey, you have to tell her what's going on! And what did it look like?!
1	I didn't look at it. Stupid baby's head was blocking most of it.
3	Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.
1	Look, it's not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don't want to hurt her.
3	Okay, look, just do it gently.
1	You're right. You're right. I-I'll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I'll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people screwing in there (Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were in) if you want to check that out.
4	Listen, I um... I heard about the engagement.
4	Ah, must've been fairly obvious since it was the only thing left in your store.
5	Horny bitch. (They both look at her, pretending that the dinosaurs she's holding are arguing.) No! You're a horny bitch! Noooo! You're the horny bitch! No! You're a horny bitch!
5	So you guys go, have a really good time.
4	(To Katie) Yeah, I'm just gonna grab my coat. And uh, and my whip. (Katie looks worried.) Y'know because of the Indiana Jones? (Katie laughs) Not-not because I'm-I'm into S&M. (Katie's worried again.) I'm not-I'm not into anything weird. Y'know? Just-just normal sex. (Katie is uncomfortable.) So, I'm gonna grab my coat. (Does so, leaving Katie and Rachel alone.)
5	So, you had a good day huh? Big commission; picked up a daddy.
5	Oh yeah! Yeah please, you guys have fun.
5	Oh and it was great to see you too. And you look fantastic, although you missed a button.
5	Oh okay, I see what you're doing there.
3	I can't even believe this! I really come off that badly?
2	Oh! It's okay, you calm down after a while and then people can see how really sweet and wonderful you really are.
0	Oh my God! That's my restaurant, I'm the chef there.
0	Oh, I'd like a latte. Oh y'know what? If you're gonna talk about me, I'm gonna go with you.
3	What are you doing?!
2	Nothing! I swear to God I didn't know you guys would be here! And the good news is you didn't believe in soul mates. So
3	I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife!
2	They're just talking, and y'know what? Just because I think they're soul mates doesn't mean anything's gonna happen.
0	(returning) Phoebe, good work.
0	Yeah! Oh he's great, I love him. (Walks away and Chandler glares at Phoebe.)
2	Don't worry, we'll find you someone else.
1	Look, I understand if you came by to hit me, I deserve it.
0	That's different, we were roommates! And when?!
2	I'm curious about the human body.
0	Hey, come on Phoebe, you can understand why this would be weird for me.
2	But I'm a professional! And I'm really good! Look, if you're uncomfortable we can stop. Just give me a chance, okay. Please?
0	Okay, if it means that much to you
2	It does! How would you feel if you couldn't share your cooking? Or-or imagine how Ross would feel if he couldn't teach us about dragons.
1	Hey Ross! The baby's kicking!
5	It's not kicking right now. Although we would love to see you do (Mimics him) that again.
4	Hey, when-when was it kicking? What happened?
5	Last night! I just felt it and I went into Joey's room and he was sleeping
4	My God, the baby's kicking. That's great. Although I kinda wish I-I would've been there to feel the kicking for the first time y'know.
1	Well I got stuff going on in here (Rubbing his belly) if you wanna feel.
4	Look, I-I don't want to miss anymore baby stuff. So Here. Here's my new pager number, okay? Anytime anything pregnancy related happens use it! I'll be there! Okay? I don't care if it's three in the morning and all you want is ice cream.
1	Wow! Can I get a copy of that?
2	(calling from her room) Are you under the sheet?
4	Did that guy just call you Toby?
3	Yeah, he thinks that's my name.
4	Well, why don't you correct him?
3	Oh it's been going on way to long now. Y'know, I mean the first time he said it we were just passing each other in the hallway, so I didn't say anything. And then the next time he said, "Hey Toby, do you want a donut?"And I-I wanted a donut. And now it's five years later, the donut's gone and I'm still Toby.
4	Five years?! Chandler you have to tell him!
3	No! That would be so awkward! Look - Besides, we work in different departments. He's on the sixth floor y'know? So he calls me Toby once in a while. What's the big deal? It could be worse, it's not like he's calling me Muriel. (Chandler suddenly freezes into place.)
3	Shh! It is a family name!
4	Chandler Muriel Bing. Boy, your parents never gave you a chance did they?
5	I know I told you, it's a really big problem.
1	What he wants to buy your baby?!
5	Can you believe that?!
5	That's what I told him!
1	Okay, how did this even happen?
5	Well I'll tell ya! (Pause) See uh my-my boss and his wife - They-they can't have children. So umm, and that - we were at the Christmas party, and he got drunk, and he said to me, "Rachel, I want to buy your baby."
1	Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
5	Ohh! Yeah! (Pause) Yeah that-that would've been a much simpler problem.
2	Oh Jim, Jim Nelson I'm Phoebe, Phoebe Buffay. We certainly have been seeing a lot of each other lately.
2	Well, maybe we will. (Starts to walk away.) Oh! (She turns around and the exchange information.)
4	Mona? (There's no answer, so he starts to leave but remembers where her extra key is. He reaches atop a hall light just outside her door and grabs the key. He looks at in triumph as the pain from it being hot moves along his nervous system to his brain, and when it arrives his brain orders his hand to drop the hot key and his mouth to squeal in pain. After dropping the key he pulls his shirtsleeve over his hand and uses the key to open the door and enter Mona's apartment.) Okay, if I were a salmon shirt, where would I be? (He hears a key in the door and as it opens he dives behind the couch.)
5	Listen y'know what sir? For the last time, I don't care what the computer says, we did not take a bag of Mashuga nuts from the mini-bar and we did not watch Dr. Do-Me-A-Little!
2	Oh! Joey uh, were you in our room last night?
1	No. (Phoebe grabs the receipt and shows it to Joey who gets mad.) I was told the name of the movie would not appear on the bill!
3	(to the front desk clerk) Hi! We're checking out of the bridal suite.
0	(depressed) That's right. I'm no longer a bride. I'll never be a bride again. Now, I'm just someone's wife!
3	And I'm the happiest guy in the world! (Monica goes and sits down in a huff.) Oh honey, come on don't be upset. We still have so much to look forward to!
2	Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a playpen!
4	Playpen?! Ben's seven!
2	Your kid is seven?! (Ross nods, "Yes.") (To the rest) He's really small. (To Ross) Please! Please get the tickets!
4	Look I'm sorry Pheebs, I can't do it.
2	Yes you can! Sting says so himself!
4	Look Phoebe, I'm sorry it's just
1	(entering, with Dina) Here she is! Future fashion superstar!
5	Oh Joey, I'm hardly a
1	My little sister Dina!
5	Nice to meet you. (They shake hands.)
1	This is so exciting for her. Well, I'll let you two fash ists get down to business. (Exits.)
5	Okay. All right Dina, well let's talk about the different areas of fashion that you could get involved in. Let's see, there's design, but you may need a whole other degree for that. Uh, there's-there's sales, which is great because you get to travel
2	Wow! Oh well, I will be there!
2	Gosh. I'm not gonna let that man make you eat your baby. (They both sit down by the rest of the gang and Phoebe recognizes a man by the window.) Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know him.
2	Oh my God!!! Monica!! He's the stripper from your bachelorette party!!
3	You had a bachelorette party?!
2	She untied his G-string with her teeth. (Pause) Somebody stop me!
3	I thought we weren't gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y'know, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.
1	It's a grand tradition!
0	I'm sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!
5	Well you could've untied it with your hands.
1	This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I wasn't allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
3	You went home with the waitress.
1	Oh yeah, that was a pretty good night.
2	Oh, I-I don't eat meat.
4	Yeah. Yeah, I think I will.
1	That hot girl from their wedding?
2	Now wasn't Joey hitting on her at the wedding too?
2	Ursula! (Ursula turns, smiles, and continues walking.) Wait! Err-err, it's me! Phoebe!
2	Wait a second! So, what's new with you?
2	Huh. Okay. Well, I'm really happy for you. (Starts to walk away.)
1	A couple? Like two people? Like (points to himself) one (points to Phoebe), two people?
0	This is different! Greg and Jenny are in a relationship.
2	Oh, Greg and Jenny yuck! (Angrily) Hi Greg, I'm Chandler this is Monica. Hi Monica, this is Jenny. Hi Jenny. Hi Greg.
3	Listen, they are really great. If you just got a chance
1	Y'know what? Why don't you just give us our souvenirs and get the hell out of here?
3	We really didn't get a chance to
0	We didn't get anything for anyone.
1	Hm-mm! Yeah nice necklace!
4	So, how was the honeymoon?
0	It was great! It was great! How about you?! I mean you're having a baby!
5	Oh! Look! I have a sonogram picture!
3	Ross! It's got your wavy black lines!
0	All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y'know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
2	Monica! That's not right! Start with where.
5	(entering) Oh good you're still here!
5	I want to tell you to have a good honeymoon! (Hugs Monica.)
5	And I also wanted you guys to know that I am telling the father today. (They all look at her expectantly) What? What? What?
5	How?! How do you know?
2	It was his sweater, but - Oh my God!
5	Oh, I so wanted Ross to know first, but I'm so relieved you guys know.
0	This is so great! And I'm gonna be your baby's aunt!
1	I'm gonna be an uncle! Come here! (He joins the hug.)
5	(breaking the hug) You're all gonna be aunts and uncles.
0	Yeah, but I'm the only one related by blood.
5	Okay. Great! So now that you guys all know you can help me. Give me some advice on how I'm gonna tell Ross!
0	Well, what were you gonna say?
5	Well I was gonna tell him that I'm-I'm gonna have the baby and he can be as involved as he wants.
1	Well that, that sounds good.
5	Yeah but how do I start? I mean, what's-what's the first thing that I say? (They all pause to think.) Okay great! Thanks. (She starts to leave.)
0	Oh, I didn't know you liked football.
2	Well normally I don't, but y'know (looks at the TV) Green Bay is playing.
0	You like Green Bay?
0	Aww thanks! God Will I'm so glad that you came! You look great! You must've lost like
0	You wanna meet some people? This is uh; this is my husband Chandler. Chandler, this is Will.
3	Oh hey. I'd shake your hand but uh; I'm really into the game. Plus, I think it'd be better for my ego if we didn't stand right next to each other.
2	(nonchalantly glancing) Hey. (Turns back around.) Wow! (Looks up.) Well done.
0	(to Will) Wanna give me a hand?
0	Well you look incredible too! You're just - you're so fit!
3	I'm watching the game, but I'm not deaf!
5	(laughs) Yeah, but I'm pretty sure he's gay.
1	No-no-no-no, he's not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
4	which brings us back, of course, to Greely's theory of dominance. (The bell rings.) Okay, that-that's all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?
4	What?! That-that's all the way cross town, I'm supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.
4	Move it! Move it! Move it!! Hey!!! I'm the teacher!!
4	Hello. (He throws his jacket towards the coat rack and misses.) I'm sorry I'm a little late. Ah - (Checks his watch) - Whoa! A lot late. Let me start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller. (The bell rings.) So to sum up, I'm Professor Geller. Good job today.
5	Now the filet mignon, what comes with that?
5	Emmm. Now, instead of the vegetables, is there anyway I can substitute the three-pound lobster?
1	Y'know what? Bring her both, and I'll have the same. (The waitress leaves.)
5	Wow! This is shaping up to be a pretty good date - Oh, I almost forgot. I didn't pay you the rent check.
1	Oh whoa-whoa-whoa, no roommate stuff. Okay? We're on a date.
5	Okay. Wow! So I get to see what Joey Tribbiani is like on a date. So do you have any moves?
4	Huh. Wow, this is great.
4	Well, we-we haven't said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay to say it to other people.
4	A hundred?! Well, I-I guess I'll take a - Mona, uh I-I'm not sure about the whole uh, card thing.
4	Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just don't know if we're really quite there yet.
1	Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
1	All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)
2	Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!
1	Judge rules, no violation.
1	And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
2	(turning from Ross.) No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
1	Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
0	You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So... (Looks at Joey.)
1	That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you!
1	Umm, no. No best friend, no. Just a lot of close friends.
1	Really? Me? Wow! I don't even know any huge gay people!
3	It hurts me. It physically hurts me.
1	What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
4	Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we're face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we're-we're butt to face.
1	Okay, you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross's points!
3	This game is kinda fun.
4	(To Chandler) You don't think it's a little crazy that you get all my points just 'cause you
3	I don't think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other.
5	Why did you invite my mother?!
5	She wants to move in with me and Ross to help take care of the baby.
5	Eight weeks. I mean I love my mother, but my God, a long lunch with her is taxing.
0	I personally would be honored if she wanted to live with me.
2	She can't hear you.
5	What? You guys, come on! What am I going to do?
2	Well, if you don't want your mother to move in with you, just tell her.
5	You're right. You're right. I mean I'm about to have a baby, I can tell my mother that I don't want her to just be sleeping on my couch! Oh my God! She's gonna want to sleep in my bed with me. This cannot happen!
0	(To Phoebe) This is great! Now she's gonna be mad at Rachel! Y'know what? And I'm just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
2	I have new respect for Chandler. All right everybody! It's time to open the presents!
5	So would I. You wouldn't think that Annie Liebawitz would forget to put film in the camera.
4	Would you excuse us for a second? (Pulls Rachel off to the side) Umm . what are you doing?
5	What? I'm not you. This may be the only wedding I ever have. I want it to be amazing.
5	Okay, Ross, it has to be realistic.
2	No, I'm fine. I'm great. I'm with you.
2	No, that's not necessary.
2	No, actually I don't eat
1	Hey I got one! I got one!
2	Oh down please. (The guy tries to reach the button, but can't.) I-I hate to be a ball buster can I just do it? (She pushes the button.)
2	Sure! I feel so bad for you; I broke my leg once too.
2	Well, it's a long story. It's kind of embarrassing. Let's just say there was a typographical error with a sex manual. (The guy laughs.) How about you?
2	Oh yeah! I-I would like that.
2	Wait! What?! No!! Elevator!! No!
1	(standing behind her) Uh, you gotta press the button. (Does so.)
0	Well what is it? What is it? If it's gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.
0	I'm just saying it's been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!
2	Oh I-I don't know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the repercussions would be catastrophic.
0	All right, let's be practical, if Ross isn't willing to do it, he's not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can borrow Chandler - Chandler is good!
4	Monica, what is the matter with you?
0	Nothing. I just want the baby to be born today.
0	Okay fine! I keep betting Phoebe that you're gonna have the baby and I don't want to lose again!
4	What?! While she's been going through this hell, you've been making money?! You're betting on your friend staying in this misery?! (Phoebe lowers her head and shakes it yes.)
5	I'll take that bet.
5	Well, I'm miserable here! I might as well make some money out it!
4	Can I get some of that action?
0	Wait a minute! Now I'm betting against all three of you?
5	Oh honey, don't worry. I really do feel like tomorrow's the day.
1	Hey! Sleeping beauty!
3	Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad!
0	I can't believe it! She's asleep! I got her to go to sleep! I have actual magical powers!
2	I can hear traffic and birds! I can hear the voices in my head again! (Monica looks at her strangely) I'm kidding. (She smiles wickedly.)
5	Oh my God! You got her to stop crying!
0	Yes I did, I'm Monica, Super Aunt
5	You are the official baby crier stopper!
5	You're never leaving the apartment!
5	That's your new job, day and night, she starts crying I need you here.
2	Thankfully you don't need me at all (gets up and to leave) so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let's give it six to eight months (she leaves).
5	Okay so listen I'm gonna go lay down.
5	You know the book says that whenever she's sleeping I should be sleeping so... (She gives Monica thumbs and goes to lay down)
0	Shhh! We just got her to go to sleep
3	Oh so there can't be any yelling.
3	We're moving to Tulsa
3	Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! (Walks backwards towards the door) I can't, I can't hear you. (He runs out)
5	Heeeeey, where have you been? (He shows her his thumb) What happened to you?
4	Ah I had a little thing with Joey, if you think this is bad you should see him.
4	And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I um...I didn't propose to you.
4	I don't think you do.
5	You didn't propose to me. Joey did.
4	Poor baby, you're so tired. Rach, I didn't propose to you, Joey didn't propose to you, and Chandler didn't propose to you.
5	Uh... You didn't propose to me, Chandler didn't propose to me, but Joey did.
4	Joey proposed to you?
4	Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
1	Actually, technically, I didn't.
5	Well then why did you give me a ring?
4	Wait! Whoa-whoa, you...you gave her the ring?
3	Oh good. Good, because I'm sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks.
2	All right, all right, we'll just do our best. Okay? So let's say I'm the interviewer and I'm meeting you for the first time. Okay. "Hi! Come on in, I'm uh, Regina Philange."
2	Bing, what an unusual name.
3	Well you should meet my uncle, Bada. (Pause) I'll let myself out.
1	When you say used, do you mean eat as a pre-cooking snack?
1	Cheese makes me thirsty.
0	Oh no! I don't know anything about cooking. I had to ask someone what it's called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles.
0	I-I-I'm sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn't hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now?
3	I think you'll find if I come to work here, I don't micro-manage. I don't shy away from delegating.
2	Um-hmm, that's good to know. But let's stop focusing on what you don't do, and start focusing on what you do do.
3	(suppressing a smile) What I do do is manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.
4	No, I don't want to hit you.
1	Oh what then? Kick me?
4	No, no I don't want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I'm not mad at you and and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that. (Starts to leave.)
1	Oh now - Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
1	Do uh, do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don't
1	(pouring two glasses) Hey look Ross, you need to understand something okay? I uh I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing, okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you. (He hands Ross a glass.)
1	Anyway, it uh look it'll just take me a while to get over her, that's all. I'm not even sure how to do that, I mean I've never been in love before so
4	What?! You're in love with her.
1	Yeah, I thought you knew that.
1	Wow. Hey look, if it helps, I don't want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking, "Ah, I'll get over this."Y'know? I just - It just keeps gettin' harder. I don't, I don't know what to do. Y'know? What do I do?
2	(in a soothing voice) Great, let's begin. (She starts the massage.) How's the pressure?
0	Nice! Wow Phoebe you are good!
2	Stating the obvious, but thank you. And it's not weird is it.
2	That's right, you just enjoy.
0	(in a sexy voice) Oh. Oh yeah! Ohhhhh! Ohh! Oh yeah!
0	Oh God Phoebe!! (Phoebe covers one ear.) Oh that's it! That's it! Right there! Oh! (Tries to cover the other ear.) Ooooh-oooh-ooooh (Covers both ears and continues the massage with her elbows.)
3	I wasn't trying to open your closet! I wasn't trying to open your closet! I swear! (Running into the kitchen and sees its Joey.)
1	Whoa, Monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. What are you doing?
3	Monica has a secret closet and she won't let me see what's in it.
3	I don't know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I can't see?!
1	I don't know. Ooh, I bet it's Richard.
3	Why would Monica be keeping Richard in here?
1	Well off the top of my head uhh, maybe she's having her cake and eating it too. You being the cake and Richard being the too. Or!
1	(To Rachel) Okay, let me just get changed and we can go to dinner.
5	Well don't - What happened to Jessica's body?!
1	I'm not telling, you'll have to see it on TV!
5	You don't know do you?
1	No, couldn't care less.
1	What? You weren't in it.
1	Oh sorry. Uh-uh, Kash?
1	This is my friend Rachel. Rachel, Kash, Kash, Rachel.
5	Well, Joey probably thinks I'll just embarrass him. Y'know, he thinks I'm some kind of a soap opera nut - Which I'm not! I'm not. Although I do know that your uh, your favorite ice cream flavor is butter pecan. (Starts stroking his arm) And uh, and that your-your dog's name is Wally. Well look at that, I'm just stroking your arm.
1	(grabbing her) Here we go! Here we go! (Starts to pull her away from Kash.)
5	Oh, we're leaving. Bye Kash.
0	I I have to fire him.
5	(entering) Hey! Great advice on that Joey thing!
0	Yeah? The work problem?
5	Oh it was perfect! I mean it really felt like he was my friend again.
3	What problem did you tell him you had?
5	Oh that's not important. The point is, I really - I think everything's gonna be okay.
2	Isn't it funny how we kept running into each other? It's as if someone really wants us to be together.
2	Oh, witty banter. Well done.
2	Oh okay, well I'm a masseuse, and I used to work at this place
3	We got the honeymoon.
0	That's not 'til Thursday.
3	The wedding pictures?
0	They won't be ready for weeks.
3	Not the disposable cameras from the tables.
0	That's true! (Happily) I knew I married you for a reason!
3	I'll tell you what, I will go get them developed and you can go home.
3	What? What did you take a picture of?
1	Nothing! It was something.
3	Okay Ross has the cameras, has he checked out yet?
5	Are you joking? Check out is not 'til noon and he has a good (checks her watch) eleven minutes left.
0	Ross has never checked out of a room a minute before he had to.
3	Okay, well I'm gonna get Ross, get the cameras, and get them developed. (Joey laughs again.) 32 Joe. You're 32! (Exits)
0	Oh thanks. (Reading the bill) Champagne, strawberries Oh my God! I can't believe Chandler ordered porn on our wedding night!
5	(stunned) And there's marketing
0	Oh nothing I'm just - just was yawning. (Mimics the groan from before and stretches.)
3	Oh don't forget, my office holiday party is tonight. (They go into the apartment.)
0	Honey, we don't really have to go to this thing tonight do we?
3	Now sweetie, I know you don't like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cloud has a supple leather lining.
0	I-I don't-I don't think that I'm gonna wear the boots tonight.
0	Well y'know, I'm just-I'm just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a raise!
3	Do you think I work at some kind of boot pricing company?
0	Anyway, I picked up this outfit that I want to wear and the, and the boots don't really go with it.
3	You said that you paid all that money because those boots go with skirts, dresses, and pants!
0	Fine! If you want me to wear the boots, I'll wear the boots. In fact, I'll go into my room right now and y'know try the outfit on.
0	Okay? (She starts to walk which causes her to start crying) Ooo wee! Christmas party in my boots! (Runs into the bedroom and mixes saying 'ow' with laughing.)
0	Oh my God! You cleaned! (Gasps) Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for months and you did! You cleaned! And nagging works!
3	Y'know uh, I didn't actually do this.
0	Oh no, was I cleaning in my sleep again?
0	(shocked) I hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then
3	Uh honey, I know you don't like to relinquish control
0	Oh, relinquish is just a fancy word for lose!
3	Look, she's really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the sponges.
0	Did she really say that?
3	Yes, I distinctly remember 'cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?
0	Fine, I can do it. (Gets anxious.) Whew.
2	Yeah, I don't eat that either.
5	(To Phoebe) In case you didn't notice, that is a scary man.
2	He's right though, the '74 is absolute piss.
5	This was such a huge mistake. I can't tell him Phoebe. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't
5	No it's okay, this is what's gonna happen. I'm gonna wait a couple years and then the baby will tell him.
2	Why, so he can get mad at the baby?
2	Yeah. Okay. Umm, y'know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you could come. Maybe I could meet the guy you're marrying.
2	By the way, it's a costume party.
2	(looks down) No. But thanks. (Walks away.)
0	Wait! You're supposed to wear a costume!
5	I am! I am a woman who spent a lot of money on a dress and she wants to wear it, because soon she won't be able to fit into it.
0	I'm Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you're too big for it.
5	Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y'know, ever since I got pregnant I-I have the strongest maternal instincts.
5	(to them) Just a minute!!! (She takes the candy and opens the door to two parents, a witch, a clown, and a cowgirl.) Look at you guys! Wow! You are a very scary witch. (Gives her candy.)
5	And you are a very funny clown. (Gives him candy.)
2	Ah, Catwoman. So we meet again.
5	Well it happened about six weeks ago, and uh I had just got home from work and Ross was already there 'cause I guess he had been hanging out with Joey.
1	You're welcome buddy.
4	(glaring at him) Yeah, thanks. (Joey nods no problem.)
5	And so I had a lot of work to do so Ross, nice guy that he is, offered to help me out. And then we had a little wine, we got to talking, and the next thing you know out of nowhere Ross comes on to me.
4	(laughs) Umm that's that's a little misleading.
4	The lie you just told.
5	That-that you came on to me?
5	But you did! I mean, let's be honest.
4	Yes let's. Y'know what? Uh, it's-it's not important. What is important is that, is that we're having a baby. And it's not - Doesn't matter who came on to who.
1	Whom. (Everyone looks at him shocked.) That's right.
5	You know you kissed me first.
4	What? What?! You were begging me to kiss you! You-you-you were sending me signals all over the place!
5	Oh please. Okay, anyone in this room think that I would send Ross begging symbols, please show of hands. (Ross raises his hand and no one else.)
3	(entering) Hey, what was that all about?
0	Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.
3	(in a high pitched voice) What?! I didn't even know that - Why didn't you tell me?! (Pause) Why am I talking like this?!
0	I didn't think you could keep it a secret.
3	(in the high pitched voice) What?! (Normal voice) I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.
3	Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper.
1	(whispering to Chandler) You'll tell me later?
2	Oh, it's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon.
1	Y'know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
0	Oh umm, I meant to tell you, Ross is coming.
0	Good. And Rachel Green too. (Will stops suddenly.)
0	Is there a problem?
3	(To Phoebe) Y'know, it's been a while since we've screamed something. Maybe we should.
2	Noooo!! Damn you ref! You burn in hell!!!
0	Hey, what are you doing? You gotta save room, you've got almost an entire turkey to eat.
1	Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin' chips is like stretching.
1	Don't worry, Tribbianis never get full.
1	(To Monica) Who the hell is this guy?
0	Will! From high school.
4	Hey-hey you came! Man you look incredible! Hot stuff! (They hug and Ross realizes what he said.) Hot stuff?
1	No! No. Umm, just myself and if they don't like me for - (Laughs.) I'm sorry I couldn't even get through that.
5	I knew it! I knew it. Come on tell me your moves.
1	Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
5	Oh my God. And that works?!
1	Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I just want to have a normal life!"
5	Oh, you poor little famous man.
1	Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you, but you're so beautiful I don't think I can.
5	(looks interested) Oh my God! Wow! That was fantastic, I almost leaned in. I really almost did!
1	Alright, so so tell me one of your moves.
5	Alright. So where'd you grow up?
1	That's your move? Boy Rach, you're lucky you're hot.
5	Come on, just answer the question!
5	And so were-were you close to your parents?
1	Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad.
4	The card! I think we're there!
4	Really?! I mean, even with the card?
5	Oh, okay. Hey, can I ask you a question? Was it me, or-or was the guy who took my blood sample really cute? Y'know who I'm talking about, bald haircut, hairy fingers (Stops when she realizes it was her.)
5	Oh, really, really good. But enough about me, come on! Where-where are you from? What do you do?
5	Right! Right! I-I actually meant in your spare time, do you cook? Do you ski? Or do you just hang out with your wife or girlfriend?
5	Oh, I love to ski! How amazing is this?!
5	No. I'm very comfortable.
5	No! Shoot, Dr. Schiff what kind of question is that?!
1	I think face to face.
1	Face to face, yeah!
1	(grunting) Oh my How much do you weigh Ross?!
4	I prefer not to answer that right now, I'm still carrying a little holiday weight.
1	Y'know, when we talked about face to face, I don't think we thought it all the way through.
1	Check it out. (He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he's got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
2	Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.
3	You're turning into a woman.
1	No I'm not. Why would you say that? That's just mean.
3	Now I've upset you? What did I say?
1	It's not what you said. It's the way you said it Oh My God, I'm a woman!!!
1	Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are. (Chandler and Ross look at each other.)
1	Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
2	How about you less important people, let's open your presents!
5	Mom that's okay that you didn't get you a gift!
5	Oh yeah. Okay, see mom, the truth is I can do this on my own.
5	But mom, I really know what I'm doing. I can handle this.
5	He was a hamster! I am not going to vacuum up my baby!
2	Okay, come on Rach it's present time! Y'know you're the glue that's holding this whole party together. It's kinda falling apart here.
2	Okay, this is from your friend at work.
5	Oh my gosh! Oh wow! Oh, I know what this is! (She's holding an item with a large suction cup connected to a yellow plastic box, with a long narrow tube and bottle connected the yellow part.) Wait a minute. That can't be right. Is that a beer bong for a baby?
5	Did I say I was done guessing? Okay, thank you for that. Oh wow! What's this?
2	Okay, fine! Fine! (Takes the oyster and pretends to eat it while dropping it on the floor) Mmm hmmmmm .
2	Why don't you just try one?
3	What are you doin'?
0	Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit 'em. I can't wait. They're going to be crying so hard. They're going to be fighting for breath.
3	Ya know if you want to, I can just hold them down and you could (Punches the air).
5	And my veil was lace, made by blind, Belgium nuns.
5	Well, not at first, but it was very intricate work and they said even though they lost their sight, it was all worth it.
5	Well, I don't know about that, but some said that I looked like a floating angel.
5	Oh yeah. That's a great story.
4	Well, um, actually, I-I took her to the planetarium. That's-that's where we had our first date. Um, she walked in and I had the room filled with lilies, her favorite flower
4	The nurse said they're bringing in another woman.
5	Ugh, is she pregnant yet? She doesn't need to be; she'll still have the baby before I do. Oh Ross, another contraction! (Leans back on Ross for some support.)
4	That's it. That's it.
2	(to the nurse) Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I'm looking for has a broken leg and is in a wheelchair. And umm, he's like early to mid-thirties, very attractive.
2	Oh yay! Great! Okay, what room number is he in?
1	(walks up) Uh, she's with me. (Introduces himself) Dr. Drake Remoray.
1	Remoray. It's Portuguese. We need that information; I'm a doctor.
1	Damnit woman we're losing precious time! Now do you want this man's blood on your head?
1	Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is staying in. He's a patient of mine, I've been treating him for years!
1	(in a baby voice) Oh no, were you upset? Did you lose sleep?
1	Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You've done a lot for me and my career, I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the premiere but you missed it! Okay, so how much do I owe you?
1	Give me a number, I don't want to owe you anything!
3	You don't owe me anything, I don't want you money
1	Ah-ah-ah! We're doing this! Okay, now you got me my first set of head shots. Right, how much were those?
3	I don't know, five hundred dollars?
1	Okay, five hundred dollars. What else?
3	Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.
1	Okay, so that's another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred, that's (Pauses to figure it out.)
5	Oh no Ross! This is not good, we have to talk about this Joey thing. Please sit. (He sits) You have got to get over this Joey thing, okay? I never really wanted to marry Joey, okay?
5	You know what I really really want?
5	I wanna sleep, I wanna eat, I wanna take a shower, I mean before she wakes up and we gotta do this all over again.
5	I mean I got news for you mister, Emma? Not easy.
4	Well, that's what I'm here for. (Emma starts crying again) Want me to get that?
5	No its really okay... Monica!
0	(comes running out the kitchen to the bedroom) Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it!
1	You know, ah, I've been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it's not my fault. It's a natural instinct.
3	(enters) Hey, what you guys talking about?
1	Hey OK great, what would you do if I did this? (Swings to punch Chandler, he moves and he ends up punching Ross, knocking him off the stool. Ross then gets up and just stares at Joey.)
1	No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!
5	Yes, you did! And don't you say, "No, I didn't!"
5	He was right there. He got down on one knee and proposed.
4	Whoa! You were down on one knee?
1	Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didn't...I didn't propose!
4	Then what did happen?
5	Yeah, what did happen?
1	Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
5	Yeah, but you said, "Will you marry me?"
5	Yes, you did-Oh my God you didn't! (Screams) Well then why didn't you tell me that before?!
1	Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
2	I see. Nice sidestep on the do do thing by the way.
3	Hardest thing I've ever done in my life.
2	Okay, don't worry. You're ready.
2	Absolutely! Just fight all your natural instincts and you'll be great.
0	Y'know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star. (Hands it to her.)
0	Wow! A star! (The class glares at her.) I know you all hate me and-and I'm sorry, but I don't care.
1	I can an A? In-in school? (To Joey) Hey, I'm a dork.
0	Joey! I'm so proud of you!
0	Excuse me? He doesn't even know what he's doing!
0	I do! I'm a professional chef! (The class gasps.) Oh relax! It's not a courtroom drama!
0	I'm-I'm sorry, it's just that umm Well I-I cook at this restaurant, Alessandro's, and umm I just got a really bad review
0	Oh, I'm totally crazy, but you-you like the food?
0	Okay then, I don't stink. I'm a good chef. Okay. (Starts to leave.)
4	I think you need to tell her how you feel.
1	Okay that's the green stuff talkin'.
4	No, I'm serious. You-you need to find out where she is, because if she's not where you are, then you can start to move past this.
1	But what if uh - and I'm not saying she will be - But
4	If she is where you are then uh then my feeling weird about it shouldn't stand in the way.
4	Yeah. Look if-if she's gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn't find a better guy. So
4	So when do you think you're gonna talk to her?
1	Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven't even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
4	I'm understanding, but let's not get carried away.
1	I'm sorry, you're right. What am I gonna say? (He takes another sip of the green stuff and recoils at the taste.) Oh!
4	Yeah, tell me about it. (He stands up, turns his back to Joey, and enjoys another sip.)
3	Cheese you say? That's some pretty smelly work, huh Don?
3	Cheese, it's smelly. You must smell a lot of the time too.
1	I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it, and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh. Y'know it wouldn't kill ya to respect your wife's privacy! (He walks away and into his apartment and looks the door.) Stupid closet full of bugs!
5	Joey. Joey, something feels weird and not good weird. I don't - Whoa!! (Winces in pain.)
1	Oh hey whoa-whoa, don't worry. Okay. When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book, it was always nothing.
5	Okay. Oh God - Ow! - Oo!
1	Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me, look at me, everything's gonna be fine, trust me. Okay. Take my hand. Here we go. (Rachel grabs his hand.) Oww crushing bones!
5	Hmm, mild discomfort. So I take it you've had one of these Braxton thingies?
1	So but everything is normal.
1	And-and there's no danger to her and the baby?
5	Thank you doctor. (Dr. Long exits.) (To Joey) Oh thank you for being so nice and calm.
1	Calm?! I wasn't calm! I've never been more scared in all my life!
5	But wait you said everything was gonna be okay.
1	Well what do I know?! I'm not a doctor!
0	Because he's terrible! Okay, he's slow, he burns things, last night he lit my pastry chef on fire!
2	Well maybe he was just nervous, y'know you can be very intimidating. And besides I've met your pastry chef and she can stand to be taken down a peg or two.
0	Well, now she has no eyebrows, mission accomplished.
2	But Monica, he loves his job so much! Can you just give him another chance? Please?
0	(thinks about it) All right, but if-if he lights someone else on fire he is out of there!
2	That's fair! Thank you so much. Thanks. Oops, it looks like when he got the pastry chef he got you a little bit too.
0	I paid to have this done.
1	Oh you know uh Kash, really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
5	I thought I was a complete idiot.
1	Hey, I'm with you. He even asked me if I thought you'd go out with him.
5	Oh! Oh, I think I'm gonna throw up a little bit. What did you say?
1	What? I I just figured since you're pregnant you're not gonna be seeing people.
2	I-I-I like, I like parties.
2	Yeah I guess, a little.
2	(a little freaked out) So! Umm, anyway I-I lived in New York, someone wildly I guess, for umm - Well since I was fourteen.
2	Okay. Umm look, you're coming on a little strong. But I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt, because it seems the universe really wants to be together. So, why don't we just start over okay? And you can just tell me about yourself.
4	Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
0	Yeah, well he's my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
4	It's a car Monica! Not a rocket ship!
0	Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you're done.
1	Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin' good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
5	(shocked) You let Joey drive it?!
2	I've never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
0	Nice work everybody! So much for the y'know, "You can drive it, but don't tell Rachel"plan!
4	(To Monica) Okay, I know I'm not supposed to know, but I do. And I'm so excited for you!
1	What? What's going on?
1	Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
0	Guys! I'm not pregnant.
1	Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
4	What?! What do you mean? You-you-you're not pregnant?
0	You didn't tell anybody I was did you?!
4	No! (Pause) I'll be right back. (Exits.)
1	Yeah, that's sad. Mashuga nut?
3	Hey. (He sees that Ross is packing all of the hotel toiletries) Soaps? Shampoos? Are you really taking all this stuff?
4	Why not? It's built into the price of the room.
3	Yeah but you don't need - (Picks up something) - What is this?
3	Score! Where are the disposable cameras?
4	What disposable cameras?
3	The cameras? Remember last night I told you to take them?
3	Yes! Remember? Right before we cut the cake, I went up to you and I said
4	Oh-oh yeah, you-you came up to me and asked if I could do you a favor, and my Uncle Murray came up to you and handed you a check. And then you said, "Why do they call it a check? Why not a Yugoslavian?"(Chandler laughs.) Yeah, then you did that.
3	So you don't have the cameras?!
3	So? What? What? They're gone! Monica's gonna freak!
4	Well, I'm sure they're still somewhere here in the hotel. I'll-I'll help you look for them.
4	In-in three minutes.
2	Are you gonna open the presents without Chandler?
5	Honey, it's going to be okay. He's been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; that's what the meatball sub is for. (She gives Dina a sandwich wrapped in aluminum foil.)
1	Hey! It's my fashion girls! (They don't react.) What's wrong?
5	Honey, why don't you sit down? Dina has something that she wants to tell you.
1	(concerned) Oh. What's, what's going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad's heart? Is that a sandwich?
1	Is that a sandwich?!
5	Joey there's something that you should know. Dina?
5	(To Dina) Now! Give him the sandwich! Give him the sandwich! (She quickly sets the sandwich in front of him.)
1	Well obviously this is a mistake! You can't be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnant!
1	(to Rachel) Bub!!! (Points at her and quiets Rachel.) (To Dina) I can't believe this! You're the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to you?!
1	I can't look at you right now! (Exits and slams the door behind him.)
0	Well, usually when I'm this anxious, I clean!
2	(looking around) Who's cell phone is that? It's just so annoying; everywhere you go.
4	I think it's coming from your bag.
2	(checks) I never get calls!! (Answers the phone) Hello?
2	Oh my God Eric hi! Wait, how'd you get this number?
2	Wow! What an incredible violation - and wonderful surprise.
2	Oh you did? (To Rachel) He did it! He did it!
5	Wow! What did he do?
2	Are you asking me out? 'Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.
5	Hey, that is the baby's problem. (Dr. Green returns.) Oh, everything okay with the waiter?
2	It's slang for pregnant.
5	Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to sum it up, yeah.
5	No, it's Ross. It's Ross. You like Ross. (He just shakes his head.) Oh daddy, I hope you're okay with all of this. I mean think about it, this is a good thing. You're gonna - This is your first grandchild! You're gonna be a poppy!
4	Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.
4	Yeah, a lot of my students do that.
0	So we do Supergirl.
2	No, it's me. Phoebe!
3	(entering from the bedroom wearing a big, pink bunny costume) Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume
5	(To Monica) Oh, you did this to him?
0	Well, it was either a pink bunny or no bunny at all.
3	No bunny at all!! Always no bunny at all!!!
0	You didn't dress up either?!
1	Yes I did! I'm Chandler. (Looks at Chandler) Dude, what happened?
1	Okay. I'm Chandler (makes a growling/gurgling sound at the end and the girls laugh.)
3	When have I ever done that?!
1	When have I ever done that?! (And does the sound again.)
5	Oh! (Opens the door to reveal a ballerina) Well you're just the prettiest ballerina I've ever seen.
5	Oh wow! That deserves another piece of candy.
4	Y'know what?! It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter what you believe! What matters is what happened!
5	Okay. So these signals Ross, explain this to me, 'cause maybe I need to be more careful. I mean, am I sending you these signals right now?
4	Y'know what? Y'know what? Rachel, just-just drop it.
5	No please, show me how I begged you!
4	I can show you, I have it on videotape! (Stunned silence) It's an expression.
1	Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.
3	Y'know who has a great video camera?
0	Do you still wanna call 'em? I wanna call 'em.
1	Yeah! Ask them if they brought their friends any souvenirs!
0	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Eighth street deli?
1	Hey, hang up! You get food poisoning just talkin' to that place.
0	(on phone) Uh sorry, wrong number. (Hangs up)
0	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) (To All) It's the deli again!
2	All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you can let me in later.
1	I don't have a key, they took mine to give to you.
2	What?! They took mine to give to you!
1	Why would they take away our keys?
2	Maybe they don't trust us.
1	No that's not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.
2	You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica's guest towels?
1	Hey, I washed those!
1	Yeah that didn't sound like me.
4	Yeah, you too. Man, so-so what are you up to?
4	Really? Yeah that-that sounds interesting.
4	Oh! Man I don't think I've seen you since uh, Lance Davis' graduation party.
4	Yeah. It would've been good if we had gotten in, but still real fun.
4	So how long are you in town?
0	Hey sweetie. Oh good. (Takes the baking dish from her.)
4	Aw - oh, that's right. Are-are you gonna be okay?
1	I don't know. I guess there's just always been this distance y'know - I mean we both try to pretend it's not there, but it is.
5	(sympathetic) Oh. (Starts rubbing his wrist with her fingers.) It's gotta be rough.
1	Yeah, it is. It's really tough. Y'know sometimes I think - Wow!! Nice move!
1	"Where'd you grow up,"it's so simple!
5	Thank you! And now if you'll excuse me, I have to go to the rest room.
5	And now you're watching me walk away.
1	Yes I am! Again so simple!
3	You are not going to believe what I did today!
0	Well it clearly wasn't showering or shaving.
3	I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. (Pause) Although I-I hope they don't.
3	Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five! (Holds up his hand to give Monica a high five, only he can't straighten his fingers.)
0	What is the matter with your hand?
3	Well I've been playing it for like eight hours, it'll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, they're dirty words.
5	Well would you like me to lie down on the table?
5	Do you feel it too?
2	Oh hey! So, how did your doctor's appointment go?
5	Well, let's see. Uh, they gave me cute doctor today and in the middle of the exam I put my pinky in his chin dimple.
0	Why did you do that?
2	Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my fourth month of pregnancy?
0	Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
0	Hey, I could've had you if I wanted you.
2	Oh yeah? Come and get it.
5	Okay, even this is turning me on!
5	Oh hey! Hey Ross! Hey how's it, how's it going with you and Mona? Are you guys still together?
4	Oh yeah, yeah we're moving forward. You'll be getting our card!
0	You and Mona are doing a holiday card together?
4	Yeah, we're not just doing a card! Y'know, she-she also wants to have the conversation about where the relationship is going.
4	I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
1	(to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin'?
1	Hey! How you doin'?
1	I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
3	Oh my God, introduce us!
5	This is Chandler. (Points at him.)
5	And you know Monica and Ross!
5	And that's Phoebe (points), and that's Joey.
1	Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin'?
1	Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
1	Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
1	What?!?! Oh dear God!
5	Oh, it dispenses clean diapers!
5	Well that's gross, why don't you just take it outside and throw it in a dumpster?
5	What?! It goes ten times a day! What are we feeding this baby?! Indian food?!
0	Rachel, listen to your mother. She is very smart.
5	I don't know, I'd leave it on the changing table? (Everyone gasps.) What?! What'd I do? What'd I do?!
5	Oh come - (Stutters) - Of course I know that. I mean of course you never leave a baby alone! I mean who would - she wouldn't be safe as she would be with me, the baby dummy. Oh God, okay. Y'know what? I think opening the presents right now is a little overwhelming right now. So I think umm, I'm just gonna maybe open them a little bit later, but thank you all for coming. And for these beautiful gifts, and this basket is beautiful.
5	Okay mommy, don't ever leave me. (Hugs her.)
1	(To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line, "Badges? We don't need no stinkin' badges!"
5	Shhh! I want to hear the rest!
5	And the ring, was the size of my fist (makes a fist)!
1	Yeah uh, Phoebe! Look umm, I want to apologize about before, okay? We were being jerks. Parker's a nice guy and I'd like to get to know him.
2	Then you better do it now.
2	Because I'm going to kill him
1	I know I'm having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet, and when I finally got up to the plates, I slipped on a giant booger!
2	Are you sure it wasn't an oyster?
1	I guess it could've been, I didn't really look at it. Y'know, I just wiped it on Chandler's coat and got the hell out of there.
2	He's just such a great guy I'm so excited about him.
1	Oh hey, you should be excited about him. There's nothing wrong with him he's a good guy.
1	Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
2	You're right. You're right, he's just embracing life. We could all stand to be a little more like Parker. You know what? I am like him! I'm a sunny, positive person.
1	And what is his name?
2	(coming back for Joey) No! (Grabs Joey and drags him away.)
0	I think we found a place.
0	Umm, wait! Do you want to set the mood a little?
3	Okay. Uh, we'll dim the lights, dim the lights. (He goes to the light switch and finds it's not a dimmer switch when he flips the lights off.) Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candles. Okay here. Here we go. (He sprays an aerosol air freshener above her.)
0	Okay! Okay! Make me sterile, but okay.
0	Okay. Let's hurry - Oh wait! Do we have a condom? (He looks at her.) Oh right! (Laughs and they resume making out when a nurse catches them in the act.)
3	Yes, 98.6. You're gonna be fine.
2	Ooh, this is it! (Looks in the window.) Oh, that's him! That's him!
2	Wait a second, or maybe you can go in first.
1	(looks in the window) He's not really my type.
2	No not you, Dr. Drake Remoray. You can ask him questions and see what's he like. People tell doctors everything.
1	But you said he was this great guy!
2	But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks.
3	Do you want a calculator?
1	All right, what else?
3	Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes
1	Which we're still keeping under our hats!
3	Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accent. Which after twenty hours of lessons still came out Jamaican.
1	What the hell are you talking about, (in a Jamaican accent) "The south will rise again man."
3	Yes, money well spent!
1	Yeah. Okay, what else? Rent!
3	Okay, two, three years of rent, utilities, food
1	Okay. Okay, so I'm writing you a check for So you fell asleep during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?
4	Whoa! Hey! Whoa-whoa-whoa, you saw her breast?!
1	(To Ross) I'll tell you about it later. Be cool.
5	Well then Joey, what the hell were you doing with an engagement ring?!
1	It wasn't my ring! It's Ross's ring! That's why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
5	You were gonna propose to me?
1	Well, this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}
4	But I-I was going to see if y'know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that-I mean that-that was all, Rach.
1	Dude, step up! I proposed.
1	Oh that's right. There's a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
4	(To Joey) I can't believe you told her I was going to propose!
1	I can't believe you're not going to propose!
1	Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I don't want to go. I'm having fun.
1	Hey-hey-hey, if my friend says it's time to go, it's time to go. (Starts to leave, but comes back for his cookies.)
3	also I was the point person on my company's transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system.
3	That I did. That I did.
3	(nervous) My duties? (Trying not to crack a joke) All right.
3	No don't I beg of you!
3	Yeah I gotta say thank you, I was really nervous. Y'know I've been told I come on to strong, make to many jokes, and then it was really hard to sidestep that duty thing. (The interviewer doesn't understand) Duties. (Still doesn't.) Duties! (Still doesn't.) Poo. (Still doesn't.)
3	Oh my God this doesn't count! Okay? The interview was over, that was the real Chandler Bing in there, this is just some crazy guy out in the hall! Call security! There's a crazy guy out in the hall!
3	I'll look forward to your call. (Walks away.)
5	Hi! You're back from your date!
5	I'm fine, but that's not important. What's important is how was she?
0	Me too! Yeah, Chandler can't stand it. He won't even allow me to have blue cheese in the house.
0	You know what I'd love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese - Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries (Breathlessly) And pate. Oh, I'm really not high, it's just I used to be fat.
3	Is it made of cheese?
0	I'd move in tomorrow!
3	(disgusted) Oh come on! (To Phoebe) Are you listening to this?
2	I don't know, they both want to live in a house of cheese! I don't know how you fight that.
1	Okay. Okay, I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh, just stand up straight. (Does so.) Take a couple deep breaths. (Does so.) Look confident. (Does so as Rachel opens the door and startles him.)
1	I uh, I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something.
1	Here? In the hall? What are we animals?
5	Well honey, I'm late for a meeting. So can you just make it quick?
1	Okay umm, I just came by to tell you that I want to have dinner with you tonight. That's all.
5	Sure! That sounds great! Just leave me a message and tell me where to meet you. Okay? (Walks away.)
5	But I - But everything is okay. I'm fine!
5	Yes! Yes! I got half a mind to contract that doctor's uterus though. Mild discomfort, what's he talking about?
4	(rushes in) Is everything okay?
5	Yeah, everything's fine!
4	Your page said come to the hospital, what? What was it? What happened?
1	Something called Braxton-Hicks contractions.
4	Oh. Oh. Thank God, most women don't even feel them.
5	Okay, no uterus, no opinion.
1	Hey uh, what's with the candy?
4	Oh when you beeped me I was on line at the concession stand at the movie theater.
5	Oh you went to the movies by yourself?
5	Oh, I gotta go back in there.
4	What? Why? What's wrong?
5	Okay Joey, first of all Kash Ford is not people. Second of all, what did he say when you told him I was pregnant?
1	I didn't tell him. I didn't know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
5	Good-good, don't tell him. Don't tell him. Just have him call me okay?
1	Rach look, I really don't think that's such a great
5	Okay, you go do it! I'll come back to that set! I'll meet more actors! I'll meet 'em all!
3	If I see him, I'll ask.
3	We're on a semi-first name basis.
3	Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I don't know if he has what it takes.
3	But this is eleven. It's almost twice as hard up here.
3	I think it's best sir.
3	Y'know what you should do, just toss 'em in the shedder and claim you never got 'em.
5	Hey! Oh Joey, honey listen, thank you for talking to my yesterday about that thing with my boss. That really meant a lot.
1	Not a problem. Oh, and just so you know, that guy's not going to be bothering you about that baby thing anymore.
1	Let's just say I took care of it.
5	Whoa-whoa-whoa, let's say more!
1	Don't worry! Don't worry. I just told him, very nicely, "You don't go buying people's babies, so back off!!"
5	No! No, no-no-no Joey he doesn't want to buy my baby! I made that up!
5	So that we would have something to talk about! So it wouldn't be awkward!
0	Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
2	Why?! What's happening to the coffee house?! (Monica looks at her.) Oh! (Realizes.)
3	Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the mrs. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
3	The young hot ball and chain.
0	That's much better.
5	Wow! I can't believe you lied to me.
2	Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding. (Rachel glares at her.)
0	Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
4	Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
1	Yeah, you got a couple hours?
4	Whew! That was a brisk ride!
5	Take the top down did ya?
4	You're fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
5	Well in High School, that added up to head cheerleader.
4	Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must've seen me cruising in the bad boy.
2	(To Joey) Oh hey! How was your audition?
1	I'm sorry, do I know you?
2	What are you doing?
1	Nothing, I'm just practicing blowing you off because I'm gonna be a big movie star!
1	Well no, not yet. But the audition went really good.
1	Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next next Martin Scorcese.
1	Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. (Joey's cell phone rings and he answers it.) Hello!
1	Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Uh, okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)
1	They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
0	(To Joey) Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
1	I can't! I-I don't have any other clothes here.
0	Find some! Please! Anything that doesn't say I-I died tragically in France. (Joey leaves to find clothes.)
2	Okay. (Phoebe and Rachel join Monica and Chandler on the altar.) Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren't pregnant?
2	We found your test in the trash, if you're not pregnant - (She sees Rachel shaking her head) - It's because I am.
3	What?! What are you talking about?
0	What are you talking about?
2	Yes, I I am with child. (Flash) And I didn't want to say anything because it's your day; I didn't want to steal your thunder.
0	Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?! (Flash) Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
2	I can't say because he's famous.
5	Oh my God, who is it?! (Phoebe rolls her eyes.)
0	Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
1	Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent
2	Oh my God! (Joey looks at her.) I'm sorry, too soon. You go.
1	No! I'm up for a Soapie!
0	Honey? Is that something you're making up?
1	No, no, no! It's real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! I'm up for a Soapie!
5	(gasps) Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!
0	Do you realize that four weeks from today we're getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
3	Do you realize you get louder each week?
0	There's still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
3	I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow. (Laughs)
0	Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
3	Right. So uh, have you written yours yet?
0	No! But I know exactly what I'm going to say.
3	Do you happen to know what I'm going to say?
0	(handing him a pad of paper and a pen) Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart. (She goes back, sits down, and starts feverishly writing.)
5	Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?
1	Probably Monica and Chandler.
5	(to the gang) Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don't think I have the energy for this.
5	Wh - (Turns and looks at the gang who's staring) - Why don't I tell you over here? (She walks Melissa away from the gang.)
5	I will not! I'm the divisional head of men's sportswear!
0	No! (Pause) But, they're callin' out to me! I mean this little guy (Holds up a small one) even crawled up into my lap. Oh come on, Chandler wouldn't mind if I opened just one present! What do you think it is?
2	A little mirror that when you look into it you see yourself as an old woman.
0	A tiny salt shaker!!!
2	Ohhh! My God! For tiny salt!
0	Oh wow! Okay. Well that was fun.
0	Good. Okay, I'm just gonna wait for Chandler to open the rest of them.
0	Whew. Although y'know, this is part of a salt and pepper set. I mean I guess y'know it may just count as a half a present. What do you think?
2	Well I guess it's okay to open one more if it's part of a set. Y'know, it's probably this one. (Grabs another small one.)
0	Hey, how are you feelin'? Any morning sickness?
5	Shh-shh-shh! The guys don't know yet do they?
0	No! Joey and Ross don't know anything and Chandler still thinks that Phoebe's pregnant.
2	Yeah that's right Chandler does still think I'm pregnant. He hasn't asked me how I'm feeling or offered to carry my bags. Boy, I feel bad for the woman who ends up with him. (Monica looks at her.) After you of course.
5	Don't worry I promise that you will only have to be pregnant for a few more hours, 'cause I'm going to tell the father today.
2	Ooh, is it someone in this building? Is it that tall guy from the first floor?
2	Oh, there you are Ben!
2	Well, I heard you're having a problem with one of the boys in your class. And so I thought I would just come down here and sit you both down, have a little talk and make it all okay. Now umm, the boy's name is Sting's son.
2	Now Ben, sometimes people may seem like jerks on the outside, but they have famous fathers.
2	Him you're friends with. (Starts looking at the children trying to find Jack and a teacher notices her.)
2	Yes! Yes you can, I'm looking for Jack's parents.
2	Uh-huh, I'm with Ben.
2	I am one of Ben's mothers. I'm a lesbian. It was, it was difficult coming out to my parents.
2	Ah! Okay so that would make me Susan.
2	Yeah! Let's do that!! That-that sounds good. We should sit down and talk, just me, my lover Carol, and the Stings. Umm, how-how will I get in touch with them?
2	Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? 'Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She's such a scatterbrain, but man what a hot piece of ass.
3	Y'know, that party wasn't bad.
3	I don't see any uh, cabs. Maybe we should just walk?
2	No! Wait! I was just saying that so you'd think I was a good person. Fight for me.
2	Not great, but we can work on it at lunch. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.
2	I've got friends too. Okay, bye.
2	Oh my God! I'm going out with Eric! Ooh, this day is really gonna be so much better than I thought it was gonna be. Oh Ross, I can't make lunch. (Exits.)
4	So apparently I'm available for lunch.
5	I can't. I'm busy. I'm apartment hunting.
5	Yeah, I can't live with Joey once the baby comes. I don't want my child's first words to be, (in a baby's voice) "How you doin'?"
4	Okay, I-I'll see you tonight.
3	My God! You must be good in bed!
1	So uh, you and Mona, been a while now. How's it going?
4	Ah, it's good. It's going good. I mean, we get along great. She's, she's so
4	Well, I was gonna say sweet, but yeah-huh!
3	She's okay with Rachel and the baby?
4	Well I I haven't actually told her yet. I don't want to scare her off, y'know?
3	Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you're going down the same path, but you're really going down different ones.
1	I'm gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.
0	(entering) Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you're gonna have a bachelor party.
0	Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
3	Honey! That's crazy! I don't want you to get me a stripper
1	Will you let the lady talk?!
5	Well, I have to say that earns tutu pieces of candy.
5	Ohh Oh, honey here. Take it all. (Pours the entire large bowl into her bag and closes the door.) Monica! We need more candy?
0	What?! There's only been like four kids.
5	Yeah I know, but one of them just said that she loved me so I just gave her everything.
2	No wonder your pregnant.
4	(entering) Hey! (He's wearing a costume as well.)
0	What are you supposed to be?
4	Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik? (They all look at him.) Well, I'm a potato or a spud. And these are my antennae. (Points to the colander with an old TV antenna glued on top that he's wearing.) So Sputnik, becomes (They're still confused) Spud-nik. Spudnik!
3	Wow! I don't have the worst costume anymore!
1	(sees Ross) Hey all right, Ross came as doody.
4	No, I-I'm not doody.
2	Okay, I will. But right after you tell me who the hell you are.
1	All right! I'll have a sandwich!
0	(hangs up) I don't think this number's right!
2	You got fake numbered.
0	What?! People don't do that!
0	They gave us a fake number? Why? Why would they do that?
3	I don't know! You were a delight to talk to. You asked all those insightful, great questions.
0	And you've never been funnier. Joke, joke, joke, you were a hoot!
1	Y'know what? Don't worry about it, you still got me and Phoebe.
2	Excuse me, I don't want Greg and Jenny's rejects.
4	(entering) Rachel won't talk to me! She won't even open the door!
2	Hmm, I wonder why. Pervert!
2	Well, what am I gonna do? I really need my guitar!
1	Yeah, I have stuff in there too.
1	Monica's chicken parm! I'll take care of it. (He picks up the phone) Hey Mr. Treeger, it's Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need to get into Monica and Chandler's apartment. It's an emergency. (Listens) Uhh, gas leak! Yeah oh, and bring garlic bread. (Hangs up.)
2	Did Rachel find you?
2	Oh she was looking for you.
4	Oh well, I guess I'll catch up with her later.
2	Well, she really wanted to talk to you now.
1	Yeah, it seemed pretty important.
4	I think I might know what this is about.
4	Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren't gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.
4	Wow! I thought you would be a little more shocked.
4	Well, we-we said we'd just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.
4	Will, high school was-was a long time ago.
5	(sees Will) Oh my God Monica, who is that?
0	That's Will from high school!
5	Oh! I do not remember him! Wow! He's really got that sexy, smoldering thing going on. (We see Will angrily staring at Rachel.) Oh my God, he's Look at the way he's just staring at me. I think he's trying to mouth something to me, but I can't make it out. (Will mouths, "I hate you.")
0	Okay, dinner's ready!
3	Yeah. Solid effort. Solid effort.
2	Well the Lions technically won, but it was a moral victory for the Green Bay Mermen.
5	Hi! I'm Rachel Green.
5	Really?! Aren't you sweet! I gotta tell you though, I am, I am having the hardest time placing you. Oh-oh hang on! Did we umm, did we fool around at Lance Davis' graduation party?
0	(breaking it up) Uh Rachel? Rachel, why don't you sit here? (Next to Joey) And Will you sit way over there. (The other side of the table.)
1	That's it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
0	Chandler, why would you do that?
3	Because it's awesome.
0	You think this is clever?
3	Well y'know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
0	Hey wait a minute, this one isn't dirty.
3	It is when you put it together with that one.
0	Ah, well if you don't clear this off, you won't be getting one of those from me. But Ben's coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can't be there.
3	Come on, he won't even know what they mean.
0	Chandler! He's seven; he's not stupid.
3	Have you talked to him lately?
0	All right, look I'm just gonna unplug it.
3	No-no-no, if you unplug it, I'll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. (She unplugs it.) No! (And plugs it back in.) Hey look at that! Look at that, it's still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM (Read Only Memory, it's a memory chip.) Chip in it or something!
0	Honey you-you got to beat your scores!
0	All right fine. Fine, I'll do it. I've just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
5	Uh Ross? You asked me that.
4	Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? I'm not a mind reader! Besides, I hate those conversations. I'm horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a gesture. Y'know, something that says we're moving forward without having to talk about it.
0	Like asking her to move in with you?
0	Making her a mixed tape?
4	Uh, bigger than that.
2	Give her a key to your apartment.
4	Whoa-hello! We were closer with the mixed tape.
0	All right. Have you said, "I love you?"You could say, I love you.
4	Yeah I-I don't-I don't think I'm quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you.
0	That is a slap in the face.
4	Forget it. I-I - Y'know what? I'll just have the conversation. I'll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach?
5	I think, if it was a little colder in here I could see your nipples through that sweater.
3	Oh uh, as it turns out, we can't do it. Monica has to work.
3	Oh uh well tomorrow's no good for her either.
1	Not much to tell there I'm really shy.
1	Oh great! Great! Thank you. (They shake hands.)
1	Bye-bye. (The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.) I did it!
1	Oh, I don't watch soap operas. Excuse me, I have a life, y'know?
1	Oh, good to know. (The interviewer leaves.) So close!
5	Wow! I can't believe they didn't put it in the part where you said you didn't watch soap operas.
1	Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
0	You slept with her didn't you?
4	Wow! This picture of you sure is steamy.
1	Correct! There's a possible backwards bonus!
3	Madre Sierra the of Treasure!
3	I'd like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
1	Wise choice, how many rungs?
1	(makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
4	(excited and simultaneously as Chandler) Hungry monkey! (To Chandler) Haaa! (To Joey) I'd like a Wicked Wango card!
4	(thinking) Oh. (Pause) Oh! Oh my God! Okay, I know this, give me-give me a second!
3	Tell it to the Time Turtle!
1	Yes! Yes, you're back in the lead!
4	I'd like to spin the wheel!
1	All right! All right! Uh, umm, Super-Speedy Speed round!
4	Is there a hopping bonus?
1	Who invented bifocals?
1	Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
1	Actually, you have a little bit of an edge.
2	Oh look it's Parker!
2	Are you kidding? People acting like animals to music. Come on!
0	Okay it's time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I'm going to do it.
4	Oh, no, Mom, it's just Monica this year.
4	No, of course, Um Um, everybody? Um, I-I just wanted to say on behalf of my new bride, Rachel (She turns around and smiles), and myself. Umm, that if if in 35 years, we're half as happy as you guys are, we'll count ourselves the luckiest people in the world.
2	Can I get you something to drink? Like a water and Valium?
2	Yeah? I know! I know! Uh huh? Listen why don't we just um, sit and relax? You know just be with each other. Quietly!
1	You do attract some stinkers.
5	Dr. Long, I've been at this for seventeen hours! Three women have come and gone with their babies, you gotta give me some good news! How many centimeters am I dilated? Eight? Nine?
4	Just three?! I'm dilated three!
5	Hey, y'know what? I'm not waiting! I'm gonna push this baby out! I'm doing it! I mean it's what? Three centimeters? That's gotta be like this! (Holds her hands a couple inches apart.)
4	Actually it's more like this. (Pushes her hands to less than an inch apart.)
5	Oh stupid metric system!
5	Oh for the love of God!
1	Hi! I'm Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.
1	I know, but I'm a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.
1	That was a test. Good response. All right, full name.
4	Come on, finish your enchilada.
5	Ross I - We tried all the spicy food. It's not working.
4	Okay here, have one of these peppers. Oh ha Oh God! So so hot! (Rubs his eyes.) Oh my - (Laughs.) By the way, you don't want to touch the pepper and then touch your eye.
5	I am feeling nothing. Speaking of hot, watching you do that really makes me want to have sex with you.
5	Oh come on Ross, why are we wasting our time with this other stuff?! We know what's gonna work! It's doctor recommended!
4	I'm sorry, but we have to have some boundaries! My God, I'm dying.
5	Oh come on Ross, we've done it before we'll do it again, it'll be a nice way to bookend the pregnancy.
4	This is insane, I'm not gonna make love to you just so that you'll go into labor.
5	Make love? What are you a girl?
4	Always a great way to get in a man's pants.
5	But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y'know you sometimes you have to bang on the end of it just to get something to come out.
4	I love when you talk dirty to me.
5	Oh, I know it. You're right. That's not sexy. Oh Oh! (Drops a fork on the floor.) Whoops! Oh, I seem to have dropped my fork. Let me just bed over and get it. (Tries too, but can't quite seem to make it.) Oh God!
4	Okay enough! This is, this is not going to happen.
4	Hey, I'm not going to rush into anything!
1	Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
5	She's doing it Look, she's breast-feeding look!
1	(looking at the ceiling) Ah, it's beautiful.
5	Oh wow, this feels weird.
1	Y'know what you guys? I'm uh, I'm gonna go too. And uh, I'm sorry about everything.
5	Honey don't worry, it was my mistake.
1	No, Rach, I should've told you sooner. It's just that...Man! That kid is going to town! (Joey makes his awkward exit.)
4	Look, I-I know it's not a proposal and I don't know where you are, but with everything that's been going on and with Emma and...I've been feeling...
5	I know. I know. I've feeling...
4	Uhh, it was fun. We, we just had coffee.
5	Oh uh-huh, uh-huh, coffee, a little rub-rub-rub under the table.
4	What's uh, what's going on? Do you not, do you not like Katie?
5	No! No, she's - She was nice. I mean, she's a little slutty, but who isn't?
5	Of course you did Ross, you would date a gorilla if it called you Indiana Jones!
4	Did you get like a fresh batch of pregnancy hormones today?!
5	No! It's just that, Kate bothered me.
4	Why? What was wrong with her?
5	There was nothing wrong with her! All right? She was perfectly lovely!
4	Okay, so what's the matter?
1	Okay. That's good. Okay, that give you a couple hours to prepare what you're gonna say. Good. Yeah. (Someone comes out of his apartment and it startles Joey again.) Don't you people ever knock?!
0	I'd like to have Don and Phoebe over. Wouldn't that be nice?
3	Sure, why don't you set it up. I'll just be over here, browsing through the personals.
0	Are you okay? You've been acting weird all afternoon.
3	Yeah, fine. Fine. Not perfect!! But good enough.
0	Jeez! What is with you?
3	I'm sorry, did you say cheese?
0	All right, what's going on?
3	Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I don't believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I won't stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese.
0	Chandler, you don't believe in soul mates?
3	No. But I'm sure (mimics Don) 'tomatoes' does.
0	I don't believe in soul mates either.
0	No. I don't think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard.
3	So you you don't want to live with Don in a cheese house?
5	No, everything's fine. I just gotta go back
4	No really, you tell me what's up.
5	I-I forgot my underwear. (Ross lets her go.)
4	(To Joey) So, thanks so much for bringing her to the hospital.
1	Oh hey, don't worry about it man. Don't worry about it, no big deal.
4	Yeah but still, I mean it should've been me. I'm the dad.
1	Easy there Captain Kirk. Oh, do you have a bobby pin?
3	Yeah. (Checks his hair.) Oh no wait, I'm not an nine-year-old girl.
1	Then why do you throw like one?
3	Maybe Monica has a bobby pin.
3	So, how's the hideously inappropriate crush on Rachel coming?
1	Uh, really good. Really good. Yeah, I should be ready to kill myself any day now. (Chandler returns with a bobby pin and hands it to Joey.) Wow, you sure found that quick. (He tries the pin in the lock.) I just - I wish I didn't feel this way about Rachel anymore, y'know? I wish things could go back to normal. I mean, I love living with her and God, helping out with the baby is just amazing, but now I think I think Ross feels left out. Y'know? When I had to take Rachel to the hospital, the doctor thought I was the father. God You should've seen the look on Ross's face. (Pause) By the way, I have no idea what I'm doing here. For all I know I'm just locking it more. Oh hey, did you try opening it with a credit card?
0	No! No-no! He is totally incompetent. I called the chef who recommended him to me. He said, "Ha-ha! Gotcha!"
2	Okay. Okay, but you can't fire him today.
2	Because I'm dumping him today.
0	What?! You said he was sweet!
0	Just don't pick up your phone.
2	Then he comes over! (Mimicking him) "I'm so worried about you."Uck! Be a man!
0	What? So now I'm not allowed to fire him?
2	You can't fire him and dump him the same day, he'll kill himself.
0	Okay well then, I'll fire him today and you go out with him for another week.
0	Okay well, then we'll both do it today and he'll just have to deal with it!
2	Okay. But the question is who's gonna go first. 'Cause whoever goes second is the bitch.
2	Come on! The boss that fires a guy that's just been dumped, bitch! And the woman who dumps a guy that's just been fired, blond bitch!
1	And you couldn't think of anything else?!
0	You said your boss wants to buy your baby?!
5	(To Joey) I can't believe that you yelled at my boss! I'm-I'm gonna lose my job! What am I going to do?!
3	You can always sell your baby.
5	Oh Joey, I can't believe you brought my boss into this! I'm gonna get fired!
5	Well, she told me too! (Points to Monica and Joey glares at her.)
4	Not touching myself if that makes anyone less uncomfortable.
5	Morning. You wanted to see me?
5	Okay look Mr. Zelner
5	Well, as long as we are clear about that. (Exits smugly.)
5	(checking her watch) Op! We gotta go! (The girls stand up.)
4	Oh, where are you guys going?
0	We're gonna pick up the wedding dress, then we're gonna have lunch with mom. (Joey stands up.)
4	Ah. Joey, you're-you're having lunch with my mom?
1	No, I-I just heard lunch. But yeah, I can go. Sure! (They all exit.)
4	(To Chandler) Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
4	Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
3	Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
3	But you're still my friend?
4	Not for the next few minutes.
3	During this time are you, are you still my best man?
0	So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
1	Food? Uh-huh gimme! (She hands him the paper.)
3	So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
2	Since when are you into swing music?
3	Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
3	Do you want me to call?
5	I think she's checking out your beehive Ross.
4	What?! (Checks his hair.) Give-give me a brush.
4	Fine! Y'know what? It doesn't matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom.
5	(to the woman) Alimony. (Runs outside.)
0	Chandler, we still haven't gotten an RSVP from your dad.
3	Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that's because I didn't send him an invitation.
0	Chandler! He's your father; he should be at the wedding.
3	I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not that close. I haven't seen him in years.
0	Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
3	Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
2	Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
3	Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
0	So what! As long as he's not wearing a white dress and a veil I don't care.
2	Okay, I think I need to do some shopping. (Gets up and leaves.)
4	What do you think you're doing?!
1	I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
2	Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
2	Hey, the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
0	Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
4	A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
0	Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
0	I gotta make up the guest bedroom. (To Ross) Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us for a few days.
0	Ross, she's 25 years old.
4	So what! I still have - No you're probably right.
5	Hey Pheebs, can I talk to you over here for a second?
0	I know you're planning my surprise bridal shower.
2	Okay, okay. It's James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.
3	As in Barbara Streisand's husband James Brolin?
2	What?! Well he never said that to me!
2	How about just the bridemaids?
3	Y'know I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.
5	Oh, thank you for doing that. I just can't deal with this just quite yet.
2	So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
5	You said that she was, I just didn't disagree with you.
5	Oh! (They smile and the picture is taken.) Oh by the way?
2	Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he's gay.
5	Ed Begley Jr. is not gay.
3	Before we go out there I've got a present for ya.
1	Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I'm taking to the awards. (Points to Rachel.)
5	Oh, stop that! Don't kid about that! (Gasps) Will all the stars be there?
1	Many are scheduled to appear.
5	Oh my God! Oh my God! I can't go! I'm gonna be too nervous!
5	No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.
4	and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it's collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it's predator. (A student raises his hand.) Yes Mr. Lewis?
4	Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
4	Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. (He makes a high pitched noise and Alan doesn't know what to make of it.) Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. (Everyone starts to get up.) Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
4	Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I'm afraid I-I had to fail you.
3	(writing) Monica, there are no words (To Joey and Ross) There are no words! This should not be this hard!
1	All right, uh (To Ross) Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
4	Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
3	I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
5	What is the emergency?!
0	You have to help me! I'm supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this! (Shows them what she's been working on.)
5	Well, I like the pretty little drawing of you in the wedding dress.
2	Yeah, except your breasts look kinda small. (Points.)
3	Yeah, I'm not sure I can do that.
4	...everyone, this is Chandler!
5	Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
3	All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
0	Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
5	Oh tomorrow, oh I don't know. Um
5	Oh, wow thanks! (Reading the card) Oh you're in real estate!
5	Wow! What do you do now?
1	Hey guys! Look who's back! It's Ray-ray!
5	Shut up, that was my friend Melissa from college.
5	She's actually very sweet and we used to be very close.
2	What?! I think he's cute.
5	Well then you have his baby.
2	Believe me I'm trying.
0	Wow. Y'know it is so weird. I mean, you're gonna tell this guy today and he has no idea what's gonna happen.
2	Yeah. You're just gonna knock on his door and change his life forever. You're like Ed McMahon except without the big check, or the raw sexual magnetism.
5	Yeah. Uh-huh, I guess it is pretty big news.
2	Pretty big? It's huge! God, this guy doesn't have a clue! He's just walking down the street thinking, 'I had sex with Rachel Green. I rock!' then bam! He's a father and everything's different.
5	Well it's only different if he wants it to be. I mean, I'm not gonna ask him for anything.
2	Okay. Then he still has this huge decision to make. Now he's walking around thinking, 'Do I want to be a dad?' and then bam!
2	I don't. He got he-he-he-he's hit by a bus.
5	Hey Joey, what would you do if someone that you slept with told you that she was pregnant?
0	Oh no, we can't walk!
3	What honey, it's like fifteen blocks to the subway. Let's go.
0	Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cover?
0	I can't walk. Okay? Okay? These boots were a huge mistake!
0	Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They're killing me! One toe at a time!
3	So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right. (Pause) It's oddly unsettling.
0	How are we gonna get home? Maybe a piggy-back ride?
0	Okay. Wait, just give me a second, I need to just get my boots off first. (She starts taking them off.) Ah Ooh Oohh Ohh Oh God Ohh Oh Ohh Ohhhh
3	Honey, I know you're in pain right now, but I'm a little turned on.
5	What college was that Dina?
5	Joey, what are you doing?
1	Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman
4	So does-does Joey know you're moving?
5	Well, I haven't discussed it with him yet, but I know he's gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought this girl over and I started talking to her about morning sickness and then I showed her pictures from my pregnancy book.
4	That's not really porn.
4	Hey, y'know what and if you're looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a woman in my building died.
5	Oh my God! Was she old? Does she have a view?
4	Well I don't know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over whenever I want. (Rachel looks at him.) With your permission.
5	Yeah that would really be great.
5	Well can we see it?! Oh maybe we shouldn't. I mean if she just died this morning out of respect.
4	Yeah. No. No you're right.
4	Hi. I'm Ross Geller. I live in the building.
5	And I'm Rachel, an admirer of the building.
4	I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I'm so sorry for your loss.
4	Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in (Rachel pokes her head in and starts to look around) the laundry room. (Pushes Rachel out of the way.)
0	Come on! Come on, it'll be fun! It'll make me feel so much better.
3	Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it's a little creepy. Y'know? I'm not a bachelor anymore.
0	So don't think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a a two month anniversary present.
4	Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance! (Joey nods his agreement.)
0	Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
3	All right fine! But I'm only doing this for you!
0	Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?
3	Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.
4	Uh actually, sorry I can't even make it. I'm seeing Mona again tonight.
3	I understand: who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?
1	(on cell phone) I'm sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby
5	I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn't want him to start yelling at me like I was some '74 Latour.
2	It's Lafite. The '74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.
5	All right here he comes. I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna tell him, I'm gonna be strong.
5	There's not gonna be a wedding. Ross and I are not getting married.
2	My mother killed herself.
2	No-no! That's okay, we'll just start over. Okay? Hi! I'm Phoebe.
2	Why are you looking at me like that?
2	Okay. (Hands him a napkin.) So, what are you?
2	(laughs) No I-I meant your costume.
2	I love the second grade!
2	Umm, I'm a masseuse by day. (Stands with her hands on her hips like a Supergirl pose.)
4	Okay, listen I am not a pervert!
2	That's like the pervert motto! Yeah! Yeah! They have you raise your right hand, put your left hand down your pants, and repeat that!
4	Filming Rachel is not something I planned. Okay look, here's what happened, and Joey you-you can back me up on this. All right, about-about a month and a half ago I came to you with a problem? Umm, a personal thing.
1	Personal thing? What personal thing? I don't know.
4	About about sex? (Joey looks at him confused) That I hadn't had sex in months?
1	(laughs) Yeah I knew what you were talkin' about.
4	Do you have a minute? I'd like to talk to you about something I'm, I'm really uncomfortable talking about.
1	Sure. What? About uh, you showering with your mom?
4	I actually had a topic in mind! I'm, I'm kinda going through a dry spell, sex wise.
1	Whoa, for like months?
1	Yeah, I don't think that's what it is.
4	Why? What-what else could it be?
1	Oh wow, I don't feel well.
4	I'm telling you. I'm telling you. That's what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn't say anything to you?
2	(To Joey) Maybe it's something you ate?
1	Please, just-just, just go and talk to Rachel.
4	Yeah, I guess I should. (Starts to leave.) Man, y'know what I have to realize? Maybe I'm just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y'know, they-they always seem to want a little bit more. I should remember that. (He pauses and then exits.)
0	They're kissing let's just go around them.
3	Oh honey, leave them alone, they're in love.
0	I'm in love too! But in an orderly fashion.
0	(To Chandler) Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on! Let's act like we're on our honeymoon.
0	Hi, sorry. I almost didn't hear you, because y'know I'm just so in love with my new husband. We're on our honeymoon.
0	Oh no, you see we're on our honeymoon. So umm, can you do your little thing and bump us up to first class?
0	(laughs) This is Chandler's chicken. This is the turkey. (Sets down a huge turkey.)
1	(quietly) Oh. How-how big is that?
0	About nineteen pounds.
1	(To Rachel) It's like me when I was born.
5	All right, who would uh, like some yams? Will?
5	What? (Joey starts offering Ross some turkey.) Oh y'know what? Can we please keep the chicken and the turkey and everything on the other side of the table? The smell is just yuck!
1	(To Monica) Seriously, who is this guy?
5	Umm, I'm sorry. Do you-do you have a problem with me?
0	(To Rachel) Apparently you were umm, a little mean to him in high school.
3	(smiles) Pull my finger - (Looks at his hand) - My hand is messed up.
5	I am not gonna answer that!
1	Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
5	No one! They are my friends, I wouldn't punch any of them.
5	Yeah, but I don't know why. Look at me, I'm having such a wonderful time!
1	Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
1	I never laughed so hard - Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
5	Joey, I think everyone saw the wine come out of your nose.
1	I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
5	Well that is because you have never been on a date with me before.
5	All right, now don't judge me. I normally wait until my date leaves, but you live here. I'm ripping into this swan.
3	It's the semi-finals of her botchy ball tournament.
3	Well now-now you're just talking crazy.
3	Because uh we-we we split up. Monica and I split up. Hold me.
3	Y'know what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya?
3	Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak. (Doug looks at him.) But to hell with that bitch.
4	Here we go. Mona umm, I think it's time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us.
4	Aw, we-we are so (Motions that they're connected.) So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y'know hanging out with you. And I mean-I'm having a lot of fun. (He pauses and thinks there might be more, but decides there isn't.)
4	Well, well to sum up, we're having fun, you look young.
4	But that's not enough. So So here's a key to my apartment. (Hands her his key.)
1	Oh yeah, that's just a little something for my huge gay fan base. (Winks at him.)
4	Did you just wink at me?
1	Hey, you're the one that loves the picture.
1	Correct again! But, you forgot to switch legs between questions, so no hopping bonus!
4	Noooo!!! Every time!!!
1	Now, over to Chandler.
3	I'd like a Google Card.
3	Yes! (Pause) No! (Pause) Google!
1	Oh my God! Congratulations Ross, because Chandler, you've been Bamboozled!
3	This is the best game ever!!!
5	So umm, you're gonna stay with me as long as I need you?
5	Oh mom, I swear I'm not an idiot. I've read all kinds of books on pregnancy and giving birth, but I-I just didn't think to read the part about what to do when the baby comes. And-and then guess what? The baby's coming and I don't know what to do. Oh, can I throw up in my diaper genie?
5	Wait-wait where are you going? Where are you going?
2	Hey! Why are you all red and sweaty?
2	Let's try something else, let's play a game.
2	Shocking! Let's play the game of who can stay quiet the longest. (Giggles)
2	But, let's play this one first. And remember whoever talks first loses!
2	Oh my God! Oh my God!
2	Wrong? Really? You know the word wrong. Everything isn't perfect? Everything isn't magical? Everything isn't a glow with the light of a million fairies? They were just brake lights, Parker!
2	You don't have to put a good spin on everything.
1	I'm a doctor Cliff, not a mathematician.
1	Okay. And uh, are you married.
1	Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have commitment issues?
1	Oh that's terrible. I'm-I'm really sorry.
1	Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?
1	Excellent! Excellent! And uh, finally, are you into any weird stuff y'know, sexually?
1	Oooh, wrong answer. (Exits.)
5	Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that's four, one higher than the number of centimeters that I am dilated, have come and gone with their babies! I'm next! It's my turn! It's only fair! And if you bring in one woman and she has her baby before me I'm going to sue you! Not this hospital, I'm going to sue you! And my husband (Points at Ross) he's a lawyer!
5	Go get back on that case honey!
5	Come on Ross! I'm miserable here! Come on! You started this, now you finish it! Come on wuss, make love to me.
5	Oh wow! What now Ross you're not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever annoy me? Oh wait a minute, I know. (Mimics his breathing.) I mean you'd think the damn jalepeno would've cleared up your sinuses, but no!! That's not enough (Ross jumps over and kisses her.) What are you doing?!
4	I'm getting that baby out of you!
5	Oh no. No-no! I think my water just broke.
4	I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the pillow! I got the bag! You got the keys?
5	Okay! I got the keys! Okay! Okay!
4	We're having a baby.
5	I didn't uh, really have time to read this part of the books, but do you think we have time to
0	That's it. I'm done. I don't care when the baby comes, no more betting.
0	Hello? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up.) I guess we can bet one more time.
2	Is Rachel having the baby?
0	How did you know that?! (Runs to yell at Joey's apartment.) Joey! Chandler!! It's time!
2	They're at the coffeehouse.
0	You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds. (Phoebe isn't interested.) I bet you it has hair. (She's still not interested.) I bet you it's a girl.
4	Okay, well, that... Wow, okay, well, umm...then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
4	Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y'know if we...if... You're wearing the ring.
4	And you told Phoebe you were engaged.
4	When you thought Joey proposed did...did you say yes?
5	I don't want you to date her!
4	(laughs) Why? What, what are you jealous?
5	Yes! And not because I want you to go out with me, but because I don't want you to go out with anybody! Okay? I know it's a terrible thing to even think this, and it's completely inappropriate, but I want you to be at my constant beck and call 24 hours a day! I'm very sorry, but that is just the way that I feel.
4	I won't date. I'll uh, I'll be here, with you, all the time.
5	Really? But I'm being so unreasonable.
4	True, but you're allowed to be unreasonable. You're having our baby.
5	(starting to cry) Oh Ross, thank you. Thank you. (They hug.)
4	Do you feel better?
5	No, not really. You're pressing the baby into my bladder and now I have to pee. Sorry. (She gets up and starts for the bathroom.)
0	No, I've had second thoughts about that. Do you realize how hard that would be to clean?
3	Y'know what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers . (Monica doesn't look impressed.) No? Really? They taste so good.
5	and I know Chandler is kidding but it happens every time he touches my stomach. I mean I'm really worried the baby's not going to like him. (Joey is staring at the table.) Are you okay?
1	What? Yeah! Sure! Uh, look at the uh, the reason (Exhales slowly) - Is it hot in here?
5	No. Not-not for me, but why don't you take off your sweater?
1	I would, but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs.
5	Oh my God! Really?! Can I see it?
5	Huh. Wow, I wouldn't think Hobbs would like that so much.
1	Uh How long have we known each other?
1	But over the past few weeks
1	Actually uh, could you give us a second?
5	So you were saying?
3	That's a good idea.
3	Okay. (They switch places and Chandler gets out a credit card.) So uh, Ross is kinda bummed huh?
1	Oh, I just I feel terrible.
3	Well, it's not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Y'know? You're doing nothing wrong. (Pause) Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby. (He loses his card behind the door.) Richard? If-if you're in there, could you pass me my credit card?
0	I gotta tell you, yesterday was amazing. That massage felt so good!
0	So umm, what do you say we make it a weekly appointment?
2	Okay. Okay but you should know though, I've raised my rates to $200 an hour.
2	Oh, you make sex noises when you get massaged!
2	Yeah, and it really freaked me out! And after a while I even tried to hurt you and it just spurred you on.
0	What?! You're crazy! There's nothing sexual about the noises I make!
2	Really? There's nothing sexual about this? (Sexily) Oooh. Oo God! Ohh. Ohhhh. Ohh. (Some cute guy is watching closely.) (To him) What are you looking at?! (Pause) I mean hi.
0	I wanted to do this days ago so I think I should go first.
2	All right, that makes sense. (Starts towards the door.) Ugh. But - Screw you I'm going first! (She grabs her purse and runs out.)
5	Hey, what do you think is a better excuse for why I'm not drinking on this date tonight. "Umm, I'm a recovering alcoholic. I'm a Mormon,"or "I got so hammered last night I'm still a little drunk?"
4	So, what do you want to do tonight? There's a Ukrainian film at the Angelica that's supposed to be very powerful. Interested?
1	No. No. But I'll go see a normal person movie with ya.
4	Rach? You wanna come?
5	Oh no, I can't. I got a date.
5	Yeah. Why? Is that weird for you?
4	Why no, it's the opposite of weird. It's-it's uh, regular. It's-it's uh, it's mundane. It's actually uh, a little dull.
0	That's not your regular dry cleaners.
2	I know, but that creep that I went on that date with goes to there so I have to find a new one. I also have to find a new video store, a new bank, a new adult bookstore, a new grocery store
2	A new grocery store. The universe said I was going to meet a nice guy and that's what they gave me? (Looks up) When I get up there I'm going to kick some ass.
0	Don't worry Phoebe, you're gonna meet someone. If I can meet a great guy, so can you.
2	Yeah, we both can. And we both will.
2	Oh, you didn't have to come in with me.
2	Oh yeah well, I'm sorry about that too, but what are you going to do?
2	A little. (She turns around and looks up.) (To the universe) Now you're talking.
2	I-I-I'd love to. Let me just tell my friend.
0	(to the clerk) Ooh, an ink stain! Hey, can I watch how you get this out?
3	Do I still call you Ross?
4	Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down and kick your ass! (Chandler laughs.) What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! (Chandler laughs harder.) Come - Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
3	(smiling) Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
3	So are we friends again?
5	What'cha doing Mon?
0	I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
0	Well, so far I have uh, my bridesmaids' dresses won't get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don't have my something blue.
5	Hey! Those are all the things I'm responsible for!
0	I had to go with the odds Rach.
1	(entering) Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn't get the part?
1	Yes, that's the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
2	Oh, yeah! Back then y'know, we called it the Great War. It really was!
1	Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
0	No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
3	Staying out of the way.
1	This is impossible Monica, why don't you just pick all 15? (Hands back the paper.)
0	There were only twelve.
1	Oh yeah, I added three.
0	What are peanut butter fingers?!
4	(noticing a beautiful woman moving in down the street) Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
3	Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
4	Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
4	(exhales) I got it. (He lifts the box and grunts under the strain.) (Calmly) So hi, I'm uh, I'm Ross and this is my friend Chandler. (He shyly waves.)
4	Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are I'd love to show you around sometime.
4	Hi, we have a little bathroom emergency.
4	Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey's special romance magazines in there?
5	Ben, it's Rachel! (He closes the door.) But whatever.
4	(to Ben) Everything okay in there?
5	Awww, just like his daddy.
4	Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean's office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
5	What-what about Monica?
4	Oh, she isn't home.
5	Just washing the windshield. (She turns on the wipers forcing Ross off of the hood.)
5	Look Ross, if you're so freaked out, just get in the car!
4	With you?! Yeah right!
4	(grabbing the car) Okay! Okay! Okay! (He gets in, but into the back seat.)
5	What are you doing?! Get in the front!
4	In the death seat?!!
2	Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica's. I'll be right back. (She goes to get it.)
2	What? (He leans in to kiss her.) Oh. (They kiss and Phoebe pauses.) Ooh. (Pause) Whoa! That one kept going. (Exits.)
1	So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?
1	Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
1	So uh, what's your name?
1	Joey. (They shake hands.) Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?
0	I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
4	What's the matter? You okay?
5	Yeah, it's just y'know
3	(To Ross) Monica said wedding.
0	Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
5	Oh! I would love to read a poem.
5	(laughs) Well okay - Well don't ruin it! Just play along at least!
5	(To Phoebe) Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
0	Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
1	I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
0	That's what you say about porn.
1	You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
0	No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean, the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
1	Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
0	Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing. (Giggles.)
2	Well, when can we have this shower?
5	She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday
2	Well that's only two days away. What is the other option?
2	Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We're done!
0	Honey, I'm going to put my hand in your pocket!
3	I've been taking dancing lessons.
3	Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
0	Oh that is so sweet!
3	So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
3	I don't know, it's these new shoes, they're all slippery.
0	Well, are you going to be able to do this?
0	Well, the good news is, I don't think anyone's looking at us.
2	So, are you ready to talk about it?
2	Okay, we'll talk about something else then.
5	Ugh! Look honey y'know what? I haven't told him yet, so until I do I don't think I should tell anybody else.
2	Yeah. That's fine. That's fair. Is it Tag?
2	Okay, I'm sorry. I'll stop.
2	Is it Ross? It's Ross isn't it - Oh my God, it's Joey!
4	Well you need 60% to pass
4	No-no it's not. What-what happened there Ned?
4	Well I'm sorry but, that-that's really not my problem.
4	Well that brings me in the loop a little.
4	Okay! (Walks away from him.) Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
2	Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
0	Really? (Looks.) My God, he's really cute.
0	Phoebe, I'm engaged!
2	I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no: Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
2	Well maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about, y'know, all the things that he's taught you. Like (They all try to think about one example and don't succeed.) Or all the things you taught him.
0	Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there's more than three), five, six, and seven!
3	(shocked) There are seven?! (Points to one) That's one?
0	It's kind of an important one!
3	Oh, y'know-y'know what, I was looking at it upside down.
5	Well, y'know, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that could've meant.)
0	All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 7.. 7 7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7 (mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.)
1	Oh, I got it! How about saying something like, "Monica
1	"when I look back over our time together "
1	Well, I can't do everything! Look back over your time together.
2	Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
0	No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
3	All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
0	Wait a minute, she isn't She's not the one who you
1	(excitedly) Who you what? Who you what?!
1	(excitedly) Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you - what?!!
5	It's not a big deal!
0	(To Joey) They were lovers.
4	So that's two of my wives.
0	(telling Chandler the seating arrangement) Okay, so this is where the band is. (Points.) And this is where the bar is. (Points) And all these pins have people's names on them. (She has pins to show the seating at each of the tables.) And Rach, here you are. (Points to Rachel's place.)
5	Oh wow. Why don't we just take me (Grabs her pin) and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. (Puts her pin at the bar and laughs. Monica just glares at her.) These pins aren't for playing are they?
0	(To Chandler) Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
3	This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
0	Chandler, relax it's not a contest. (To Rachel) Certainly not a close one.
5	Stop picturing it!!
0	Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
1	(warily) Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have an accent? I gotta make a call! (Starts to leave) I shoulda never walked into that Sunglass Hut!
5	Oh Joey! Joey! No, it's not you! You didn't get anybody pregnant!
1	Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? (Pause.) Is somebody pregnant?
2	Oh yeah. That's me.
1	Oh my God Pheebs! You're gonna have a baby?
2	Yes. Yes I am. Oh my God, I'm gonna have a baby! (Joey and Phoebe hug.)
1	Whoa, wait a minute. Who's the father?
2	You don't know him. It's not important. He wants nothing to do with me or the baby. (She sits down like she's pregnant.)
1	Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? 'Cause I will track him down and kick his ass!
1	David Lynn! David Lynn! David Lynn!! (Exits)
2	Oh some guy from my gym. A little annoying.
3	Hey! Did you find the cameras?
3	Yes! And that's why I'm under the table. Celebrating.
5	Oh Joey this is crazy!
1	Don't interrupt me when I'm talkin' to God! Now where were we? Oh right, okay. Do you Dina, take this man
1	Oh you'll take 'em!
1	Hey! You don't get a say in this!
1	Ahhh! I heard "I do", we're halfway there! Okay! (To Bobby) You!
5	All right Joey! That is enough! (Grabs him and pulls him away from Bobby and Dina) Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it's not legal. Okay? They-they don't have a marriage license, they don't have any witnesses, and the groom only has on one shoe!
1	Well what am I supposed to do?
5	You're supposed to realize that they are adults! And that they can make their own decisions.
1	No they can't! They were stupid enough to get knocked up!
5	Heyyyyy! Contraceptives are not always effective! (To Bobby and Dina) Right?
5	Oh, come on kids! A little help here!
2	Wow! This place is incredible! (Gasps) Sting's pen that he gave to Phoebe. (Puts the pen in her purse and goes over to a floor-to-ceiling bookcase) Come on! Secret passageway! (Starts pulling books at random as Trudie enters.)
2	Why else would I be here?
2	Umm, I'm sorry. Won't-won't Jack's father be joining us?
4	Y'know I would it's just painful.
5	So she's really not dead.
5	Hmm. Do you think - Could you tell me if she's hanging in, in a one bedroom or a two?
0	She stole my jeans!
0	I have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!
3	So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?
0	Don't you see? It's the perfect crime!
5	Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please.
5	Yes. Yes, he says I'm damaged goods.
1	So you uh, nervous about getting married?
3	What are you doing?
1	Look, look let's pretend it's a real bachelor party. Okay? Y'know? Before your wedding. Come on, it'll be fun.
3	Okay. I can't believe tomorrow's the big day.
1	How does it feel knowing you're never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you're gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you finally have the sweet release of death.
3	You're right, this is more fun.
1	That's her! Okay, come on! (They go over and open the door.)
1	Uh, that-that's-that's me!
1	Joey Tribbiani, a big fan.
3	Yeah, yeah right over there.
2	No I'm having fun. I'm really - And I'm really-really excited for you and Ursula.
0	You read comic books right?
0	Who do you think would win in a fight, Catwoman or Supergirl?
1	Catwoman, hands down.
1	But between you and Phoebe, I'd have to give the edge to Phoebe.
1	Are you kiddin'? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she's got this crazy temper. She - She's not standing right behind me is she?
0	No you're fine. (Joey checks anyway.) All right well, do you think I could take Rachel?
0	What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here! (Her stomach) As hard as you can!
1	Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn't matter.
0	Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y'know, Ross or Chandler could beat you up?
1	I would say, "Woman, please!"
0	You're getting a crush on your sister's fiancee.
4	Five to be lying, six.
1	Six months? Whoa that's rough.
4	Well, I mean it's not all bad. I'm learning to appreciate the uh, smaller things in life. Like the sound of a bird and the color of the sky.
1	The sky's blue Ross and I had sex yesterday!
4	Please, help me! I have a date tonight. It has to go well okay - I'm scared for my health!
1	Okay. Okay. Umm Ooh! Oh-oh, I got something. It's this story I came up with, very romantic. I swear any woman that hears it; they're like putty.
4	Really? Well then tell it to me.
4	(sarcastic) I'll try to control myself.
1	Okay. (Clears throat) Years ago, when I was backpacking across Western Europe
4	(laughs) You were backpacking across Western Europe?
1	Have a nice six more months Ross! (Starts to leave.)
0	You see, if we'd gone around them like I said, we - She would've given us those tickets. Damnit!
3	25J and K, any chance those aren't together?
1	I still can't believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.
2	Of course I do! And I'm gonna give it back to you as soon as they're done with it at the key shining place.
1	What the hell is that?
1	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger, what are you doing?
2	Well why don't you use your key?
2	Oh! We could have done that.
0	Look at that! Look at that! They're going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?
0	Me neither! We have to get in! (She runs through the door with Chandler in tow.)
3	Just act like you belong.
0	Oh my God! Oranges!
3	Shh! (To the guy behind the counter) Nice to see you again. (They tries to walk past him.)
5	I'm-I'm - I had no idea. I'm sorry. I
0	Oh Will. But you-you've worked so hard
5	Uh Will umm, I just want to say that I'm real sorry for whatever I-I did to you in high school
5	Whoa! My God! So what, you all just joined together to hate me?! Who else was in this club?
4	No need to point, she knows who Ross is.
5	(To Ross) So you were in an I Hate Rachel club?
5	So who else was in this club?
4	Uh actually, there-there was also that exchange student from Thailand but I-I don't think he-he knew what it was.
5	So Ross, we went out for two years, and you never told me you were in an I Hate Rachel club.
1	Ah! Okay, well then you don't judge me. I'm gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)
5	So tell me, what are Joey Tribbiani's end of the night moves?
1	Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
5	How do you do that?
1	Now you can't tell anyone, but uh I put on shiny lip balm.
1	Yeah, like a moth to a flame, I'm telling ya. Okay all right, so now you go.
5	No, I don't want to tell you.
5	Because it's embarrassing.
1	More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at him.) I didn't say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just tell me!
5	(laughs) Okay. All right, stand up. (They do so.) Well, when we're at the door, I lightly press my lips against his, and then move into his body just for a second, and then I make this sound, "Hmmm."Okay, I know it doesn't sound like anything, but I swear it works.
1	(stunned and turned on) Yeah. Why - Yeah, that would work for ya
5	All right, I gotta go to bed. Honey, I had such a wonderful time.
1	Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then starts to freak out.)
5	you were 50 minutes late to the class, what did you crawl there?!
4	No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
5	You gave her a key to your apartment?!
4	Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a very serious relationship.
2	(entering with some guy) Hey. Ooh Ross! How'd the conversation go?
4	Oh great, I live on the street.
2	Hi! Okay, Monica, Rachel, this is my friend Roger.
2	So umm, I'm gonna get us some drinks. (To Rachel) Would you help me out?
2	Umm, he's here to have sex with you.
2	It's okay, he's a virgin.
0	Rachel umm, I was just talking to this guy and I think he'll have sex with you.
2	Yeah, okay let's leave these two alone.
5	No! I do not care what my hormones are doing, I am not going to just do it with some random guy!
2	Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this! (Phoebe exits.)
4	I just Bamboozled Chandler! (Flexes in victory while everyone stares at him.) Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.
2	Not if you were here.
4	Wow! It looks like we got a lot of good stuff.
5	Oh we did, but my mom got us the greatest gift of all.
5	No. She's going to live with us for eight weeks.
5	Yes! She's gonna help us take care of the baby! Woo-hoo. (Sees that Ross isn't happy.)
4	What - You're not serious. I mean she's a very nice woman, but there is no way we can take eight weeks of her. She'll drive us totally crazy.
1	(announcer voice) It's a pleasure to meet you Ray.
2	So long! Don't let the best door in the world hit you in the ass on your way out! (He exits and she slams the door behind him.)
4	and then, we could've gone from the ceremony to the reception with you in the sidecar!
5	Ross, it just wouldn't have been feasible.
4	But having a dove place the ring on your finger would've been no problem?
5	It was really fun being married to you tonight.
4	Yeah! And! And, it was the easiest 400 bucks I've ever made.
5	Okay Ross, can I uh, can I ask you something?
5	That proposal, at the planetarium
4	I know, I know it was stupid.
5	Are you kidding?! With the, with the lilies, and-and the song, and the stars! It was really wonderful! Did you just make that up?
4	No, actually I thought about it when, when we were going out. It's how I imagined I uh, I would ask you to marry me.
5	Okay, well then bring her in.
4	And yet somehow it's true!
4	(To Rachel) Squeeze your legs together and cover the baby's ears!
4	Um uh We're-we're just having this baby together but uh, uh that's all.
4	Uh well umm we're just not in that place, y'know? But we're very excited about this.
2	We know it's a girl! (Exits.)
0	(following her) I'll give you really good odds.
4	Just one thing umm
4	We live together. You're having our baby. I'm not gonna see anybody else. Are you-are you sure you don't want something more?
5	(pause) Wow! I don't know, maybe. I'm
1	I'm not quite sure.
5	Okay, well you had asked me how long we had known each other, and I said, "Eight years."And the um, waiter came over and cut his tip in half, and umm now here we are.
1	Yeah, here we are. Uhh I I think I'm falling in love with you.
1	I'm falling in love with you.
5	(looking around) Who are you talking too? Oh, you're kidding! Oh, it's a joke! (Laughs.) It's funny. It's funny. I don't get it. (Joey doesn't say any thing and Rachel realizes it's not a joke.) Oh. (Pause) Okay. Umm I-I uh, wow. Are you uh How did umm When?
1	Does it really matter?
5	Wow! Wow. Wow. Wow, it is hot in here.
1	Okay look Rach, I know this is a lot. You don't have to say anything. You-you uh, you take as much time as you need. (Long pause as Rachel says nothing.) Okay, you gotta say something!
5	Joey, Joey I love you so much, but I
1	Yeah-yeah right. That's okay. That's fine. That's uh, pretty much what I was expecting. So uh, it's no big deal. All right? I think I'm gonna go. (Stands up.)
5	No! Joey please! Please don't! Please don't leave like this! Now come on, you cannot do this to a pregnant woman! (Starts to cry.)
1	Don't start doing that. You can't do that Rach, 'cause then you're gonna make me do that. (Starts to cry.) Oh, here we go! (Sits down next to her.)
5	Oh Joey honey I don't I don't want to lose
0	Oh my - This is so embarrassing. Oh my God, I'm never gonna get massaged again!
2	No, you can't let this stop you from getting massages! No look, I have, I have lots of clients that make the same noises you do!
2	Well not clients, lovers. But let's just y'know, try it again. Come back and-and we'll work through it.
2	Great! Okay, if you'll just excuse me. (To the guy) So, did you hear something you liked?
5	Hey Ross! Check it out! I learned a new trick!
4	Hey uh, I brought you some lunch.
5	Ohh! That's so sweet of you! Oh yum! (Takes a bite out of the sandwich and starts to get sick.) Did you put pickles on this?
4	What?! What?! Rach what?!
4	I made her favorite, tuna salad with pickles.
1	Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
4	(to Rachel) I-I'm sorry Rach, I didn't know. Are you gonna be okay?
5	Yeah, I'll be fine. But could someone please make sure that sandwich is gone when I get out there?
4	I can't believe this! I shouldn't be the one making her throw up!
1	Dude relax! It could happen to anyone.
4	Yeah? Not to you, because you know this stuff. I don't know any of it and I'm the father. I wish I'd be more involved y'know.
5	(entering) Well, if anyone is keeping score, I no longer eat tuna.
1	It's no Ukrainian film.
5	Yeah - Ooh! Earrings! (Goes into her room.)
4	A date?! She's-she's got a date?! With who?
1	I set her up with this actor on my show.
4	Joey what-what were you thinking?!
1	Well, I was thinking that it'd probably be okay because Ross hasn't gone out with Rachel in five years!
4	Joey, I'm not worried about her! I'm worried about my baby! Whoever she dates my baby dates! Now-now where is this (makes the quote-marks sign) actor taking them?
1	Hey! I'm an (does the quote-marks thing as well) actor too! I'm not sure. I think they're taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
4	A ferry? My baby is going on a ferry? Do you have any idea how dangerous those are?!
1	Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
4	Why don't they just jump out of an airplane?! Huh?! That-that's a fun date! Or burn each other with matches?! That's fun too! Whew!!
1	Hey Kash. Uh hey-hey this is Ross. Ross, this is Kash.
4	Hi. I-I hear you're going on a ferry tonight.
4	A bit of a daredevil are we?
5	(entering from her room) Hey guys do you think this is too slutty - Hi Kash!
2	(looking around) She must've left.
1	So? What-what-what happened?
5	It's all gonna be okay. They're just so happy that I'm not suing them that they gave me one extra month paid maternity leave. So long as I understand that the money should not construed as a down payment on this or any other child I should bear.
5	Chandler, can you give us a minute?
3	Oh I'm sorry, you're kicking me out of my own living room?
3	I'll be in there. (Goes into the bedroom.)
5	Joey, I'm really sorry that I lied to you. I was just trying to make things
5	It kinda worked. I mean y'know, I don't know about you buy I haven't thought about our thing since all this.
1	Hey you're right. Yeah, it's kinda been like us again a little bit.
5	Yeah I know! I miss that.
1	Me too. I mean I haven't thought at all about how I put myself out there and said all that stuff and how you didn't feel the same way about me and-and how it was really awkward.
5	My gynecologist tried to kill me.
0	Wait! Wait! Wait! You can't start today! Today's the rehearsal dinner!
1	Oh no, I'll be done by then.
0	Oh. Well then way to go, you big movie star!
1	I know! All right, I'll see you guys over there! I'm off to fight the Nazis.
5	Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.
1	Whoa! Okay. Yeah well, who-who was in World War I? (Rachel pauses as she thinks.)
5	You're gonna be late! Go! Go! (He runs out.)
0	Who did we fight in World War I?
1	I'm doing my scenes with you?
1	Wow! I can't believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
0	It's your birthday!
3	(To Monica) She's not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
2	Rachel! Come on out! Monica made breakfast!
0	Chocolate-chip pancakes!
4	We've got presents!
0	They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
5	Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29?
1	Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal.
4	Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty?
1	(screaming) Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!! (He buries his head in Phoebe's lap for comfort.)
3	Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there. (Does so.)
2	His first big kid's bike, this is so exciting!
0	Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and it bent.
2	I never had a bike of my own.
3	That sounds like my first bike. (They all turn and look at him.) My dad gave me his old one.
0	Did the girl ever let you ride it?
2	No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. (They're all speechless) So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
1	What are you doing?
5	Well, y'know I was thinking of moving the couch over here.
1	(laughs) Why would you want to do that?
5	So that there will be a decent place for me to sit.
1	No. Rosita does not move.
5	I'm sorry, Rosita? As in
1	As in Rosita does not move.
5	Joey, it's just a chair! What's the big deal?
1	The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it's at the perfect angle so you don't get any glare coming off of Stevie.
1	(glaring at her) Is there a problem?
0	(looking up) Ross, when's this comet thing start?
4	Okay! Okay! Fine, I'll stop! No teaching, okay? We'll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. (Comets don't streak across the sky, meteors do.) Okay? Who's official name is Bapstein-King.
2	(looking up) There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn't Mother Nature amazing?
2	Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that's pretty amazing too.
5	Oh I don't-I don't know.
4	Man, look at all those stars! (Yeah, you can see what? Five of them from the city?) Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
3	Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
5	Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I - (Chandler puts a forkful of the cheesecake in her mouth.) - Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this? (She reaches over to look at the label on the box.)
3	(nervously) It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
5	Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. (Gasping) Thief.
3	I - no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
3	Because it's too delicious.
5	Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
5	(taking a bite) Oh, I'm sorry, what?
1	All right, I should get going, big day at work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
1	Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
2	Haaaa... (Puts the skull on the table) ... ahhhh!
2	Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
2	No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it. (She grabs the skull, pulls out a stick of licorice, and takes a bite.)
4	(Thinking it over) Sure! (Takes one) Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year.
0	Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
4	Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
2	And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
5	You may need to use this year to teach Ben about Phoebe.
4	Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. (Kristen crinkles her nose at that.) Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep! (He stops when he realizes what he's talking about.)
4	Umm, say you're gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
4	Great! Uh, let me take this up for you. (The box he's holding.)
4	Oh no-no, after you. (She grabs a chair and heads upstairs.) (When she's gone.) Oh my God! (He drops the box and Chandler can't pick it up.)
2	(wearing a veil) Am I crazy or does this totally go?!
5	Oh my God! You look so beautiful!
2	(To Rachel) Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
5	(nervous) So it would just be me alone?
4	Well, Ben would be there.
5	Well that - y'know it's just uh, I've never done that before. Me and him alone.
4	Rach, he's not an ex-con.
5	Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?
4	I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
4	Okay. (Ben enters) Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
4	(To Rachel) I wasn't talking to you.
4	Okay, I'll see you soon buddy. (He hugs and kisses him.) Be back in an hour.
5	Bye. (Ross exits.) Ahhh (Silence) So this is fun, huh?
5	Okay. Uh, want something-want something to drink?
5	Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have - Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita? (Holds up a bottle of margarita mix.)
0	What about the second minister we met with? I kinda liked him.
1	Me too! There's a game on Tuesday, do you wanna go?
0	It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
3	Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers - Think of the money we'll save!! (Monica just looks at him.) We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
0	We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
3	Y'know we already went over this and I won!
0	No you didn't. Oh and honey, just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
3	Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
0	Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know
0	Hey, the point is that he was at every one of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
3	He had sex with Mr. Garibaldi!
0	Who's Mr. Garibaldi?
0	Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
3	Yeah o-okay, but I'm just doing this for you.
3	Do you think you could get through a poem?
5	(crying) It'll be a short one.
0	Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
4	Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
4	Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
0	Do you mind telling us what it is?
4	Sorry, I'm kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
3	Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking. (Winks in a spy-type manner.)
1	So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and
1	And-and-and not only that, I'm gettin' a new brain!!
5	Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
1	Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
4	What? A brain transplant?!
5	Oh my God, Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
5	(calmly) Okay. I'm sorry. You're right, you're right.
2	(grabs and shakes Rachel) Just calm down woman!
5	Phoebe, I already, I already did.
2	Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
5	Okay. Okay. (They sit down.) I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
2	Uh, here. What time?
2	Finger sandwiches and tea.
5	Ooh great! Very Monica.
5	Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or balloons?
5	We're paying for this y'know.
5	Okay. Umm, what should we do for the theme?
2	Lusts of the flesh.
5	Honey, stop it! I am not going to tell you until I tell him.
2	Ah-hah! At least we know it's a him.
1	I'm sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it's either this or a bathrobe! Look, what's more important, the way I'm dressed or me being with you on your special day?
0	Honey, I'm not even going to pretend I was listening. (Sees someone else.) Hey! Hey! (Goes over to that person.)
4	Hi. I'm uh, I'm Ross. I don't, I don't believe we've met. I'm Monica's older brother.
4	Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. (He uses his card to mouth those words.) (Pause) Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
4	Aw come on, Mona Lisa?
4	Mona umm Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she's uh - well she's dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
4	Linda Clickclocken. (Pause) So what uh, what-what table are you at? (She shows him.) Oh, uh me too.
4	(sexily) Yes there will. (Mona leaves and Ross tries to find the same table.) Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you've just been bumped up to table one. And if it's all right with you I'm gonna take your place at table six - Martin Clickclocken.
1	That's better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.)
3	Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so.
0	Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged. (Points to her ring.)
0	Well you should be embarrassed. (Leaves.)
2	I did, but that was really fun.
1	(pretending to be an announcer) And the winner is Joey Tribbiani! (He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel
5	I'm fourth! (Joey is startled.) Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
1	Yeah may-maybe you don't tell anyone about this.
5	What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
1	What award are you practicing for?
1	Oh, hey listen! The Soapie's called today, and I also get to present an award.
5	So you'll definitely get onstage, even if you don't win.
1	(confused) What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
5	Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
1	Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
5	Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably start practicing your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed, but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like (Does it, you'll have to see it.)
0	Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
3	Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
0	Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
0	What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriageable about me?
3	Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in)
0	Wait, wait, wait! (She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)
3	This is not going to work.
0	I bet this will work! (She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)
3	You are so great! I love you!
3	Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great"and then I just, I just stopped talking!
0	You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
3	No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
3	Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
0	Then all your stuff would be here.
3	Well, what if all my stuff was here?
1	Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?
0	Oh! (Gets up) Let's see, well if this is the wedding hall then umm (Walks away) you're parents will be at home in Queens.
1	What, they're not invited?! Oh no, that's terrible! They're gonna be crushed!
0	Why would they think they're invited?
1	(looking around) You got me. I don't
1	Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
1	Well-well - see? Parents are comin'!
3	Y'know I think we should invite them.
0	Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
3	Well this is just sad!
0	All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
5	That is not a problem.
4	Well I checked in the uh, lost and found, I talked to the manager, no-one's turned them.
3	Well this is great. Y'know, those cameras were the only thing that was gonna cheer Monica up today, she's really depressed.
4	Now you guys just got married, why is she so depressed?
3	All my energy is going into not asking that question. I can't believe I screwed this up!
4	I'm sorry man. (Formally dressed people start to enter.) Here's a thought. This is the same ballroom. There's a band. There's gonna be plenty of dressed up people.
3	Are you suggesting we dance our troubles away?
4	No-no-no, I'm saying we-we buy more of this (disposable cameras) at the gift shop, throw our tuxes back on, and take a few pictures. All we have to do is make sure not to get anybody else's faces.
4	I'm just thinking about your new bride at home. Okay? Do-do you really want to start your life together by letting her down?
3	Marriage advice? Really?!
4	I'm telling you, this looks exactly like your wedding! Aren't these the same flowers?
3	I don't know, Monica picked out the flowers.
4	What about the chairs?
3	She picked those out too.
4	How about the place settings?
3	I was in charge of the cameras! Gift shop?
2	Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we reschedule? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o'clock?
2	Concert. Yeah. That does put us in quite a pickle. Because you see I'm very busy before and after the concert, and he's obviously busy during.
2	Unless! Unless umm, okay I-I would be willing to go to the concert, umm, all the while thinking about the children of course.
2	Oh, thank you. Four would be great.
2	Oh good! Then you're in luck! Ben's not my son!
2	The Police? Here? A reunion?! (She gets out her camera.)
3	Okay, ten blocks down. Five to go.
0	(notices something in the window) Oh wait! Stop! Stop! Stop!
3	Oh I'm sorry! Do you need a break?
0	My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?
3	I can see it from right here. It'll cost you one husband.
0	Okay, I'm sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my boots.
3	(pause) I don't have your boots.
3	She must've been planning this for years!
0	I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!
3	Honey, isn't it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?
3	So, shouldn't we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we go snooping around her crotch?
0	Fine. I'm just glad I didn't give her my secret ingredient.
3	Out of curiosity, what is your secret ingredient?
2	Yeah, me too. Not in the shaky angry way you are though.
2	Maybe this is too weird.
1	Why-why would she go in the bedroom?
1	Yeah, that's one naked hooker!
4	Uh that's an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.
4	Y'know this is actually not a great time for me.
4	Yes. Yes, yes I did. (To Mona) But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing.
4	No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care - I-I love Rachel.
4	(to Mona) Oh but not that way. I mean I mean I'm not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend.
4	(to Dr. Green) Hey! I offered to marry her!
2	No I'm not! You are!
1	(To Monica) Here comes the temper.
5	Okay, what's your name?
5	Okay, I'm just gonna write this out to cash.
3	Joey's gonna be thrilled! He was hoping you'd come by as a slutty nurse.
3	You'd think that would embarrass me, but you see I'm maxed out.
1	Okay, here's a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.
0	I can't answer that! Chandler's my husband.
2	Hello handsome. (Sees Ursula over her shoulder) Oh God. (Walks away in shame as they kiss.) Oh look at you two. So when did you guys meet?
4	(stopping him) Okay! Okay! Okay. I'm sorry. Please, please, you were in Western Europe and?
1	I was just outside Barcelona hiking in the foothills of Mount Tibidabo. I was at the end of this path and I came to a clearing and there was a lake, very secluded. And there were tall trees all around. (Whispering) It was dead silent. Gorgeous. (Softly) And across the lake I saw a beautiful woman bathing herself but she was crying
4	It's from France In Europe Western Europe. Y'know umm, a few years ago I actually was backpacking across Western Europe.
4	Uh-hmm - Wait! It gets better. Um, yeah I was in Barcelona.
4	Anyway, umm so I was um, I was hiking
4	(whines) Oh that's great! I was hiking along the foothills of Mount Tibidaybo
4	Okay! Do you wanna tell the story?!
1	Whoa! What are you doing here? How did your date go?
4	Great! I'm across the street having sex with her right now. Your story sucks!
3	Oh that's all right, I have it memorized. It's 1A.
3	Apology accepted. Excuse us. (They try to enter again.)
0	Fine. (Starts to walk away then she runs over and grabs an orange before she exits.) Go! Go! Go!
5	Hi. (He helps her up.) Umm, I think there's something that we really need to talk about.
4	(quietly confident) I think we do. Why don't we go inside? (They go inside.) Look uh, I know why you're here.
4	Yeah, and to save you from any embarrassment umm, I think maybe I should talk first.
4	Okay. (He sits her down in a chair.) Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That's been one heck of a see-saw hasn't it?
4	I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and and certainly passionate, but don't you think it's better if we just stayed friends?
4	Okay. Okay. Y'know what? If you want to, we can do it one more time. I mean I'd-I'd be okay with that. In fact, I have some time right now.
5	Okay, y'know what? Can I, can I talk now?
5	(touches his knee) I'm pregnant. (Ross stops.) Ross? (Ross is staring off into space.) Ross? (Ross is still frozen) Okay, whenever you're ready. (Sits back and opens her magazine.) And you're the father by the way - but you got that
5	(closes her magazine) Can I get you some water?
4	I'm good. I'm good.
4	That was in high school! It's not like it was binding forever.
5	Okay Monica, did you know about this?!
0	I swear I didn't. (To Ross and Will) Hey! Is that why you guys used to go up to your bedroom and lock the door?
0	Hmm, a little relieved, I gotta say.
4	Look Rach I-I'm sorry, okay? I I was a stupid kid, okay? The only reason I joined
4	co-founded. Co-founded the club was because I was insanely in love with you. Obviously I didn't handle it very well. But if you think about it the I Hate Rachel Club was really the I Love Rachel Club.
5	Okay. So what? You guys would just like get together and like just say mean things about me?
4	No-no! No-no. No-no.
5	Well, why didn't you just take a cab?
4	Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets it'll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I? Rockefeller?
5	Well you're not gonna be able to keep doing this.
4	Well I have to. Okay? If I don't, they'll take the class away from me. And I already put it in my family newsletter.
4	You've seen it, the Geller Yeller.
4	Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I'm sure I can make it this time. I just I just can't be afraid to get a little bit hit by cars. (He goes to the bathroom as Joey enters.)
1	Oh yeah? All right, let's do it tonight.
5	Well don't you have that big date tonight?
5	Hey Joey, can I ask you something?
5	After our date last night, did you feel a little weird?
1	Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
5	I don't know! (Pause) I'm-I'm kinda thinking it-it was the lobster
1	Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.
5	Yeah, I mean I was up sick all night.
3	Oh that's all right sir, and that's just one girl.
4	Okay, and oh I'm gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give them away for no reason at all.
4	I'm trying to tell you I made you a mix tape.
0	From the tequila factory?
3	It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then when I wouldn't give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird!
0	Come here. I can breath through my mouth.
0	I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday card this year?
1	(to the camera) Hello, I'm Joey Tribbiani! Let's play Bamboozled! Erin, you get the first question! In hockey, who is known as The Great One?
1	Correct! Now, would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
1	Well what's complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You're in Paradise Pond!
1	Well what's fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that's just people standing around answering questions?
1	(announcer voice to the camera) Let's play Bamboozled!
4	Well we we don't have a garage.
5	Well, that would've been very hard to say no too.
4	It's a good thing I didn't do it, because it sounds like it would've been a very expensive wedding. (Rachel laughs) Okay, good night
4	Even if the sidecar had a windscreen so your hair wouldn't get messed up?
5	I will think about it.
4	That's all I'm askin'
4	Y'know I don't understand why they didn't cry. It was a beautiful speech.
4	Hey! All that stuff you said about true love, you were right, I mean, we did learn a lot from Mom and Dad! And that picture of Chi-Chi with her mischievous grin. And what you said about Nana. Ohh, yeah she really would've wanted to be there. And you know what? I think she was.
0	(starts to cry) Oh good God, Ross! How the hell do you do it?
4	Sid you lucky deaf bastard.
2	What else? What else?
1	He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh, and he's not into anything weird sexually.
3	Should we tell Rachel there's an empty private room right next door to hers?
0	We could, or we can have sex in it.
3	Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants!
0	(lying down on the bed) Okay mister! Fertilize me!
0	Does that sound like Janice?
3	If it's not, then there's two of them. And that would mean it's the end of the world!
0	I can't believe this is taking so long. How are you doing?
5	Oh not bad. Do you know that feeling when you're trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?
4	Oh-oh, Rach! I was just messin' around! (She's stunned) Like you did last night when I had to pee?
5	(laughs) I knew that! I knew that! I was just messin' with you too!
4	(pause) Okay. Okay. Because for a minute you said you
5	Oh no-no-no-no, no!
4	that you actually
5	No that's just - (Laughs) - That's just 'cause I'm such a good messer!
0	Oh, look! Acting for Beginners! Want to feel good about yourself?
1	Yeah, this was a stupid idea. (Exits.)
1	Hey-hey-hey, hey! You can't. Okay? Ever!
1	Oh no-no Rach, please, don't be sorry. Okay? Don't be sorry. (They hug again.) Y'know I was only kidding you.
5	Yeah, that was a real good one.
1	Hey uh, can I, can I talk to you guys for a second?
1	Uh, sit down. I wanna talk about our situation.
5	(Gasps) Are you breaking up with us?
1	The thing is 'cause I live with Rachel I'm here for a lot of the stuff, okay? (To Rachel) And Ross Ross is missing everything. So
1	Maybe you two should live together.
5	Are you asking me to move out? Do you not want me here?
1	Oh no-no, no-no I love living with you. It just seems that if you're gonna have a roommate, y'know it might as well be the father.
5	But Joey, I don't think Ross wants me to move into his apartment and disrupt his life like that. I mean - (Ross turns to her with wishful eyes.) - Or he does.
4	No I-I-I would love to be around for you and the baby. And we-we can just try it like on a temporary basis.
5	But Ross, its you and me!
4	So? Sure! But it-it wouldn't be anything romantic. And I'm-I'm dating Mona - Damnit Mona! I was supposed to meet her like an hour ago! What is wrong with me?!
1	All right now, so? What do you think?
5	Yeah! All right, I'll see you guys later.
4	Okay. Have a great time you guys.
4	Yes it is too slutty! (Joey slams the door before Rachel could hear the entire sentence.)
2	It will be in a minute. Listen, Tim you're a really great guy.
2	Aw. (Phoebe gets a bad taste in her mouth when he looks away) I'm just - I'm in a place in my life right now where I I
2	Oh-oh no she doesn't! I know what that is. You can stay.
1	So what movie do you want to see - And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
4	Well, I tell you what. Why don't we uh, why don't we just stay here? Let's not see a movie, we'll just hang.
1	And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
4	(on phone) Item J437-A, color: winterberry. (There's a knock on the door as he hangs up the phone. He answers it to Mona.) Hi umm, listen come here, come in. (She does so.) I'm so-so sorry about yesterday. I-I'm really sorry. It's just that I (He picks up the pink shirt.)
4	(faking starting to cry) Oh God you're right.
4	(laughs) No. (Takes the shirt back.)
1	We have to find the rest of the platoon!
1	(wipes face) So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!
1	(glances at Richard) No. Nope, I uh I th - I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher. (Behind his back, Richard is nodding no.)
0	Honey, we gotta go!
3	(entering from the bedroom) Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
0	(laughs) I don't have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
3	Yes, include more people in this.
0	Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we'll be getting married?
0	I just, I can't believe that we made it!
5	Y'know, I'm still 29 in Guam.
4	Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is?
5	Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
3	No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
1	(screaming) And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! (Looking up) Why are you doing this to us?! (Turns away crying.)
0	Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends
1	Yeah, your roommate is a soap opera star.
5	Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
2	Yeah, but you shouldn't compare yourself to me.
2	I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! (They all cheer again.) And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean. (Rachel and Monica look intrigued and as they all head into Central Perk, Rachel picks up the hippity-hop that Phoebe left behind.)
5	Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
2	Not really, I got to drag him around too! (They all nod, "Oh.")
3	Hey! What are you guys doing?
0	Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
0	I'm gonna hang this basket (Points to the one sitting on the table) on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
3	But we don't know the neighbors.
1	I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
3	Wouldn't it be easier if we just moved?
3	Eh, somebody's in a good mood!
5	Well, why shouldn't I be? I have great friends! I have a wonderful job!
0	Where you can make out with your assistant.
5	Come on, it's not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
0	Oh yeah, what's the plan?
5	(pauses as she thinks and exhales loudly) We We are not going to let it be a problem.
5	Well y'know, we did other stuff too. (Joey and Chandler start to giggle.)
5	Oh Monica come on, y'know I don't sleep with guys on the first date!
5	No! (Joey sets his beer and bag of chips down and heads into his room.) Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! (She tries pulling on the back of the chair, until the hinge breaks and the back falls off.) You bitch!
4	Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross."Not, "My friend Ross,""brother-in-law Ross."That's weird isn't it?
3	Couldn't I just say, "This is Ross?"
4	(disappointed) Sure, do whatever you want.
0	(entering, carrying a newspaper) Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section
4	Oh, it looks like mom and dad's house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is Oh my God!!
2	What? What happened to the window in the attic?!
0	I can't believe mom and dad are selling the house!
4	I can't believe they-they didn't even tell us!
4	(on phone) Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! (Listens) Yes we're surprised! (Listens) Who did you leave a message with?
3	(knocking on the window while outside) Sorry! (Runs off.)
5	Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
5	Okay, come on - Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
1	(slowly turning and glaring at her) She's not even cold yet!
1	(looking through his binoculars at a nearby building) Y'know what else makes you wonder?
1	Check out the rack on this chick! (Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.)
0	Okay, we've been out here for two hours and we haven't seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler's getting chilly. (She walks over to where Chandler is bundled up in a big coat and shivering.)
1	Then why are you wearing Monica's jacket?
3	Because it's flattering! (Shivers harder) Come on Monica! Come on Monica! (He goes inside.)
5	Yeah actually, I think we're gonna take off too. We rented a movie.
2	Oh! I won't say, 'no' to a movie!
5	Uh Pheebs, we just actually kinda wanted to be alone.
2	Shh! Get me out of here.
1	Come here, check this out!
4	What? Is it the comet? (Runs over to where Joey's standing.)
1	No! No-no. Look, there's a bug stuck in tar right here. (Bends down to get a closer look.)
4	Joey come - I can't believe - I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
1	I'll see you at 8:00.
3	Oh, what's at 8:00?
2	Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
4	Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
4	Thanks. (Phoebe gets up to get a refill.) (To Monica) Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
0	What are you talking about?
4	Cousin Frannie's wedding, it's tomorrow night.
0	My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
3	Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
4	Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
0	Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go to.
4	Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
3	I used to undress my cousin Glenn. (Monica looks at him then shushes him.)
2	Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
5	(to Monica) Did you know he was in there?
3	How long have we been home?
0	About a half an hour.
3	Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
2	(entering) Oh, hey, you guys!
2	Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
0	Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
2	Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
3	Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
3	Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
0	This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can't believe I found it!
0	Well I'm Monica Geller, ball like a baby.
0	Have you found your dress yet?
0	No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just here to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
0	Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
5	I do the same thing.
5	I'm just kidding too. (Laughs) I'm getting married in December. (Turns away not happy with herself.)
3	You mean the spitter?
0	Come on! It wasn't that bad!
3	Easy for you to say; you'll be wearing a veil.
0	All right, what about the third guy?
3	You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
3	Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say "I do,"he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
0	Well then we still have a problem.
0	Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies. (Points to her chest.)
2	Oo! You should have one of us do it!
2	No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
2	Yes! A friend of mine did it and it's totally legal!
2	What?! No! It was my idea!
3	Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
3	So I really never get to win anymore?
0	How much did ever really win before?
1	Listen, you know how uh, when you're wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
1	Well, when Jake did it I saw that he was wearing women's underwear!
2	I know. They were mine.
1	Oh. (Laughs.) No! No wait, that's weird!
2	No, it's not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
2	I'm wearing his briefs right now.
2	I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
1	Yeah, I wouldn't know about that.
1	(seriously) Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
1	Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
4	(to Monica and Rachel) It's winter, they are fewer people on the street. (Rachel and Monica smile and nod, knowingly.)
0	Who are they killing off?
1	Uh Cecilia Monroe, she plays Jessica Lockhart.
0	She's my favorite character on DOOL.
5	She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
0	And the way she slaps all the time!
0	Wouldn't you love to do it just once?! (Raises her hand towards Chandler.)
5	Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
1	Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
4	Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant,"you are going to be her?
1	Yes, but in Drake Ramoray's body. (Ross laughs unbelievably.) Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
2	(Clears Throat) Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay?
5	(They both look behind them.) Well, I'd have to say gay.
2	I don't know. (Timidly) A cowboy theme?
3	Y'know I'm-I'm really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
3	Y'know I was thinking if we had a a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours
3	Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
0	The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
3	That's me! Come on!
0	Okay. (They both jump up to head for their room, but Monica stops.) But wait, we can't. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we're supposed to have lunch.
3	Well, get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
0	Shrill?! The wedding is back on!
3	(transfixed) Hi! Nice to meet you!
0	So, are you ready to go?
1	I don't believe we've met, Joey Tribbiani.
1	Wow, I've admired your work for years. You-you've done some really amazing stuff.
1	Wow Dennis Phillips! That's great! How did you guys meet?
3	Funny: ha-ha or funny: (Mimes blowing his brain out.)
4	Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
4	Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way (he turns her hand upside down) which uh, which was misleading. Well I'm (He goes at sits down at his new table and the kids stare at him.) Hello.
1	Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? 'Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would've done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that's just for ugly people.
3	What size shoes do you wear?
0	Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
2	Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck. (Does that to Monica.)
0	Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
2	(laughs) All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
2	I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself. (She starts to open up her blouse.)
0	Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
2	I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
0	Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again, am I?
2	You sound like a guy.
0	No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else."Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
2	You'll have a last kiss.
4	Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
1	Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
0	Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
3	Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
0	You wanted it to be a surprise.
0	Chandler In all my life I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to fall in love with my best my best There's a reason why girls don't do this!
3	Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
1	(yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We're dying out here!
0	Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We're engaged!!!
5	Hey, what have you guys been up to?
4	Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
1	How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass,"inappropriate?
4	How's Monica coming along with her vows?
2	Well let's just say its.. she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
4	I can't believe that in four weeks they're gonnta be married!
2	Well let's just hope it works. Y'know, nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
1	(leaning down to her) Maybe you'll order a little sangria?
5	Oh, get out of here! (Jumps back and walks away.)
5	(motioning to a rack) So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. (Grabs a few) But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
3	Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
5	I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
3	(sees another rack) Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
5	Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
3	You mean like for award shows?
3	You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "Who are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
3	Okay, who wore those? (Points to the tuxedos.)
5	Umm, well let's see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw.
5	(reading a tag) This one is uh Paul O'Neil.
3	007?! This is James Bond's tux?!
2	Hey! Ooh, did you do it yet?
2	Oh, well what are you doing here? Are you about to do it? (Gasps) Is it Gunther?
5	No! Phoebe, it's not Gunther.
2	Thank God, 'cause that hair on a baby
5	Phoebe the father is not here okay? I haven't told him yet and I don't think I can tell him at all now!
5	I don't know, let me think. I was walking down the street thinking, 'I'm gonna tell the father today' and then bam!
5	No, you! Phoebe you freaked me out. You kept saying how huge this all is!
2	Well-well but it is huge.
5	I know, but I was just thinking about how huge this is for me. I didn't even go to how huge this was going to be for the father.
2	You're thinking about this way too much. Just tell him and get it over with. It's like, it's like ripping off this Band-Aid. (On her arm) Quick and painless, watch. (Rips it off.) Oh mother of See?
1	(entering) Ooh-ooh-ooh! Are we opening presents?
0	No! No! I shouldn't have even opened these! I mean I - Joey I am out of control!! Joey, you have to do me a favor. No matter what I say, no matter what I do, please do not let me open another present! Okay?
1	Oh good, uh you're here. Uh Pheebs? Listen uh sit down. I-I got something I want to say.
1	Umm, now uh It's a scary world out there, especially for a single mom. Y'know, now I always thought you and I had a special bond so (He goes to one knee and pulls out a ring.) Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me?
0	Well I don't have them either. Where are they?
3	Well, why don't you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!
0	Okay. (She gets off him.) God well, we gotta go back and get them!
3	Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the boots again?
0	Okay, I'm never gonna wear them again. I just didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
3	Y'know what? You can say goodbye to the tan ones.
0	(to the boots) Bye boots - Wait! Half off?! (Chandler runs off.)
5	Joey, just because they're not getting married doesn't mean this is going to be a disaster. Maybe they have a plan!
1	Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let's hear their plan! Now, what's the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
2	No don't tear out your eyes!!
2	Oh, yeah try that. (He finishes and looks at her.) So, is that better?
4	Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter. (He translates that phrase into Dutch.)
4	Ezel? Ezel? Ezel? (Looks it up in his book.)
1	(entering) Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?
1	(laughs) No. But I got Knicks tickets for you, me, and Chandler.
1	All right, well finish your coffee; let's go.
4	Okay I-I just have to stop by my place first.
4	No-no, I-I have to see if this apartment became available.
1	Oh, you're switching apartments?
4	It's not for me, it's for Rachel.
4	(To Mona) But I didn't want to.
4	I'm sorry. Dr. Green, Mona. Mona, Dr. Green.
3	I can't believe there is a naked hooker in there!
3	Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it. (Walks towards the bedroom.) Ma'am, are you also a stripper?
1	Maybe Monica's playing a joke on ya. Y'know? Getting her own husband a hooker, that's pretty funny.
3	That is funny, maybe for my birthday she'll murder someone.
1	I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.
3	Oh actually, I'd rather you Yeah, go ahead. We're gonna have to burn that room down anyway.
4	I was going to tell you, but
2	Two weeks? That's it?
2	Peace Corps, really? (Ursula motions, "I don't know.")
4	That's funny. Yeah. Y'know you're the funniest man here in a pink bunny costume his wife made him wear.
3	Oh relax man, relax. You're looking a little flushed.
1	(To Monica) Hey-hey-hey, I think we might find out the answer to our question.
1	Hey! Look, if it didn't work it's because you didn't tell it right! Show me how you did it.
4	No! No, I don't don't want to.
1	How long since you've seen a girl naked?
4	I was backpacking across Western Europe.
1	I'm not feeling it.
4	I was just outside Barcelona, hiking
1	No! No! No Ross! I'm not hot! Are you hot?
4	It's been six months! I'm always hot!
1	Well you're not selling the story! It's like; it's like you don't believe it! Look, I gotta go. I got a date, but try this. Do what I do when I'm preparing for an audition. Okay? I'll set you up with my video camera and you can record yourself and-and see what you're doing wrong.
1	All right now All right, you're all set up. You're good to go. Just hit record. All right?
4	Thanks. And-and hey Joe?
4	Listen, if you ever have any problem with the ladies you know I'll help you out.
1	(trying not to laugh) That means a lot to me man. (Exits.)
4	Hello! Can I get you anything? Huh? Lens cleaner? Your battery okay? (Rachel bursts in carrying two boxes and Ross jumps up.) Rachel!
5	Thank God you're here! You have to help me! Were you just talking to yourself?
5	Ross, there is no pressure on you. Okay? I mean you can as involved as you want. (Ross nods.)
4	Yeah, I need uh I'm just - I don't know - I don't understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a condom.
5	I know. I know, but y'know condoms only work like 97% of the time.
4	What? What? What?!! Well they should put that on the box!!!
5	Okay Ross come on let's just forget about the condoms.
4	Oh well I may as well have!
5	Listen, y'know what? I was really freaked out too when I found out
5	Y'know what? Let's, let's talk later.
4	No! No! I want to talk now! Okay? I - In fact, (picks up the phone) I am going to talk to the president of the condom company!
5	Okay, y'know maybe I should come back (Starts to leave.)
4	(on phone) Yeah I'll press 1! (Presses one which allows Rachel to escape.)
1	(eating) Huh. So then I can heat this up? (Goes and does so.)
2	Oh great! And listen, could you do us a favor and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? 'Cause y'know umm, they don't-they don't have any kids of their own and-and this door was like a child to them.
4	Oh my God! What happened to the door?!
2	What?! What else did you do?
2	Oh, come on Will! Just take off your shirt and tell us!
4	It was no big deal. We-we said that the rumor was that umm you had both male and female reproductive parts.
5	What?! You heard that?! (Goes and stands behind Joey.)
0	Everyone at our school heard it!
3	Everybody at my school heard it! You were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from Long Island?!
5	Oh no!!!! Oh my God!! This is all making so much sense to me now! This is why Adam Carter wouldn't go out with me! This is why Billy Tratt would just stay in this region! (Motions to her breasts.) (Joey has turned around.)
4	Actually, Billy Tratt is gay now. So-so that one's not really our fault.
5	Monica, how come you never told me this?!
0	I thought it might be true. And I was afraid that you were gonna cry and then show it to me.
5	Joey stop staring! There's nothing there! It's not true!
1	I'm afraid I'm gonna need proof.
1	You are my Everest.
1	Yeah me too, all night.
5	Really?! How come we didn't cross paths?
1	Yeah well that's because uh I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don't want to look in my hamper.
2	(entering) Hey, you guys. Listen, I'm sorry that I was hogging the game before - (Sees the top ten list) - Oh my God! Your friends have some unfortunate initials!
0	They're all Chandler.
2	Chandler sucks! He couldn't have gotten this good!
3	I did. (Looks at his still deformed hand) But it came at a price.
0	But Ben is coming over tonight and he can't see this.
3	Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. (They both look at him.) Was it just me?!
4	Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! I'm on time! (Grabs a bottle of water from a student, takes a drink, and splashes some on his face like the marathon runners do.) Okay, why don't we all uh, (Exhales loudly) open our books to page 23. Where (Exhales again) Where you will see a uh a bunch of uh red spots. Okay, (Closes his book.) umm, why don't, why don't you all start to read, while I - (Passes out and collapses.)
1	No-no! I'm fine. It's just Hey, can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you've known for a while and then suddenly suddenly see them a different way?
1	Yeah. Yeah, that that's exactly it. You're right. Yeah.
1	(deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah, so you know exactly what I'm talking about.
1	Oh yeah, sure. (She gets up, walks towards the bathroom, and Joey watches her go.) Ehhh.
3	Ooh, I don't know if we're there yet.
5	It's just the pizza place.
1	You hung up on the pizza place? I don't hang up on your friends.
5	I'm sorry honey, I'm just having a, having a rough day.
5	Oh you really, you really just don't want to hear about it.
1	Then why did I ask?
5	Okay, it's just - and this is really embarrassing - but lately with this whole pregnancy thing I'm just finding myself how do I put this umm, erotically charged.
1	Is that college talk for horny?
5	Yeah. So y'know, I have all of these feelings and I don't know what to do about them, because I can't date like a normal person, which is fine because I don't need a relationship, I mean all I really want is one great night. Just sex, y'know? No strings attached, no relationship, just with someone that I feel comfortable with and who knows what he's doing. For just one great night, I mean is that really so hard to find. (Looks at Joey.) So how was your day?
1	Good, I uh, I saw a pretty big pigeon.
4	Y'know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it's not absolutely vital that you live with us.
5	I do. I really do. I don't know anything.
4	I'm-I'm sure that's not true.
5	Oh no? Pheebs? Monica? Do I know anything about babies?
4	Well uh, y'know what? Even if she doesn't know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn't live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself.
4	That's a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things.
4	Yes! Yes, you're gonna be so missed.
4	Well you're gonna be a wonderful grandma. (They hug.)
5	Hello?! I still don't know what the hell I'm doing!
4	Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You'll - you're gonna pick it up. (Rachel doesn't believe that.) Hey! You will! Uh look, y'know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy's credit card. Do you remember?
5	I hope you're going somewhere with this.
4	Look at you! What - You're-you're this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you're gonna be an incredible mother.
0	(laughs) You're still so funny. You're so funny. (To Phoebe) What do I do?
3	Weirdest thing. Did I hear - (A nurse opens the privacy screen and Chandler sees Janice) - Mother of God it's true!
4	Not just Janice, Janice in labor, contracting and everything.
3	Janice I didn't even know you were pregnant! Who's the unwitting human who's essence you've stolen?
3	That's funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt?
2	Okay I've got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talking gorilla?
2	Somebody went to college. Wow. (Cliff gets uncomfortable) What is it? I'm sorry. (She moves her arm, which was resting on the same pillow his leg is.)
0	Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
5	Oh my God! This is it! (She and Phoebe hold hands.) (To Phoebe) I really hope it's you!
0	First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me
5	Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
0	Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade off being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine
0	If Phoebe were my maid of honor
0	Rachel would be Phoebe's, I would be Rachel's, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
5	Yeah that's actually a pretty good idea.
2	Yeah, I'll do that. So who gets to be yours?
3	Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!
2	Oh Willie's still alive!
3	What are you guys doing?
0	Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
4	(entering) Hey everybody! Happy Thanksgiving!
3	No, no, no. No-no-no.
4	What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
3	No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
4	What? That's like insanely easy!
3	Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen (looks over to Monica).
5	Hi! Oh, how was your date last night?
5	Oh good. (She walks to the closed bathroom door, opens it, and finds a naked woman wrapped in a towel.) Ahhh! My God, sorry! (She closes the door and confronts Joey.)
1	Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I'm late for work.
5	What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
1	Yeah - Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
3	So, what do you think?
3	Are you kidding? Okay, I'll give you a hint; I'll give you a hint. (Points to his glasses.)
1	Eyes! No, no. Your eyes! No. Chandler's eyes!
4	Well, you-you've always had glasses.
5	Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm
0	Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.
3	(sitting down on the arm of her chair) You didn't think I used to wear glasses, right?
2	So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
3	That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us
1	Who wants French toast?
4	Oh, I'll have some!
1	Good, me too. (Tosses him the loaf.) Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.
3	What's the matter honey?
0	I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! (Shows off the ring.) How long before it starts getting annoying?
5	Yeah, so let's get started on the wedding plans!
5	Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music
3	Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
5	Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks
4	Take it from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
5	I don't know. Is it crazy?
4	No! No it's not. Joey, this is a smart idea.
5	Okay, let's do it. I'll move in.
4	Oh Rach that's great. That's great. (They hug and Joey breathes a sigh of relief.)
3	Not to shabby, I got this all off myself using my wife's tools. (He takes the door off the frame and we finally get to see what's behind the green door! It is stacked, floor to ceiling, with junk.) Oh my God!
0	(entering) (Gasps) How did you get in there?!
0	Oh no! You weren't supposed to see this!
3	I married Fred Sanford!
3	No, honey you're not sick! Look, I don't love you because you're organized, I love you in spite of that.
0	Really? You promise you won't tell anyone?
3	Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet.
0	Well it's just umm I'm afraid you might mess it up.
3	So Rachel's all moved out huh? How are you taking it?
4	Hey, if that's what you want to do I'm not gonna say no.
1	Dude! What is going on?!
4	I just I have to find out how it went.
4	This guy could be my baby's stepfather!
1	They go on one date and you're worried about them getting married?! He's not you!
4	I just - I-I can't believe she's-she's dating?!
1	Well Ross, what did you think she was gonna do?
4	I don't know! I guess I just can't believe any of this is happening.
1	That's a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
4	No! No I can't. I mean Rachel's out with some guy. My baby went with her. If anything that picture keeps moving further away.
1	Hey, can I ask you something? In this, in this picture of you and your wife, is your wife Rachel?
4	It used to be. Now she doesn't really have a face. Smokin' body though.
1	Good call. Yeah. But, the face Ross, the face isn't Rachel.
4	No but ahh! How much easier would it be if it were?
1	I know, but I don't think that's what she wants.
3	Well you don't have to sound so surprised.
0	I'm sorry but nothing.
0	Well honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to.. to flip you out.
3	Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all Chandler. But nothing has.
0	Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. (Chandler just looks at her.) I coulda been worse!
3	Okay. I'll be right there.
0	(voice on answering machine) Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
0	Hey Maureen! (They hug.) Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
5	Hi! Oh you guys look so beautiful!
3	Mr. and Mrs. Bing! (Walks away.)
4	(walks up) Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
4	Well I I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! (The girls all laugh.) What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass! (The laugh harder.)
2	Ross, please! My make-up! (He walks away angrily.)
5	Nothing. I don't want to do anything.
0	Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
4	Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child!
4	How hot do I look in this, huh?!
3	Ross, a sports car? Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
1	Hey, what's the horsepower on this thing?
4	(giddy) I don't know, but-but look how shiny!
0	I can't believe you bought this.
5	Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? (To Phoebe, quietly) I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
2	Oh, well get in line missy. (To Ross) So, can I have a ride stud?
4	Hop in. (Phoebe hops in.) Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life.
2	(getting out) Okay, who's next?
5	Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
0	Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben Wire
5	Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
5	Okay, thank you. That'll be all. (The mail guy leaves and Tag starts to follow, but Rachel stops him.) (Excitedly) Wait! Wait! (Rushes over and closes the office-door.) Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us. (They kiss.)
5	Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
5	Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate. (She turns around and sweeps the stuff off of her desk and hops up onto it.)
5	No, I've just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this up?
0	The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
3	Well, either that or uh (Motions towards Joey's door.)
5	But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put your comfort first.
1	Yeah, I (Shuts off the TV.) I don't want Stevie to see her like this.
0	Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
4	They kept your room for a while.
4	Come on, you know they love you.
0	As much as they love you?
4	I was their first born! They thought she was barren! It's not my fault.
2	Ugh, I hate this year!
4	What's wrong with this year?
2	Well okay, it's already February and I've only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
0	That was me and Ross.
4	Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
0	Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
2	Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much. (Monica and Ross are shocked.)
2	Oh yeah, like you never called!
1	Right-right up here. (Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.)
4	(noticing the pipe and looking at the door) Joey where's the pipe that was holding the door open?
1	(annoyed) I don't know! (Goes back to looking through the pipe.) (Pause) Yeah, I do.
4	It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? (Joey starts to groan.) Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
1	(covering his ears and yelling) Oh no! No! No! (He starts banging on the door.)
3	Sorry, I just can't sleep. Ooh! (Turns on the light and Monica groans.) Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like (Fake snores.)
0	It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
3	What?! (Monica kicks him in the shin.) Ow! (He gets out of bed and heads into the living room.)
2	(crossing her fingers and closing her eyes) Please don't be a space ship. Please don't be a space ship. (She turns on the light and looks around and finds that it's the smoke detector that's beeping.) Oh thank God! (She moves a chair over and starts to investigate how to make the beeping turn off, in frustration she yanks the thing off of the wall. She sets it down and heads for bed, just as she gets there it beeps again. She opens the cover and removes the battery, but it still beeps.) How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can
2	Don't interrupt me!!
5	Umm, I think he's still out. What's wrong?
2	Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note. (Hands it to Rachel.)
5	(reading the note) "Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy."(Laughs) Big Daddy?
2	Oh that's a nickname we were trying out.
4	Hey, y'know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron! (Monica shakes her head in disgust.)
2	Oh! Here's Joseph Francis!
1	Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
2	So what?! That doesn't give you the right to ditch me!
1	Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
4	Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
2	I don't accept this rule. When we make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this (Motions that their friendship) is for life!
2	Why do you think she's having so much fun living with Joey?
3	No reason, except she told me.
2	Really? So she said, she didn't wanna live with me anymore?
3	No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
0	Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you.
2	You're sure? You're absolutely sure?
0	Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
3	Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
1	Hey! Great, you're home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
3	(to the Maitre d') Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? (Laughs.)
0	I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
3	Is this because of the burrito thing?
0	(pulling Chandler away from the Maitre d') You need to give him money.
3	Give him money? It was a joke!
0	Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
2	Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
5	Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
5	So, does this (the dress) come in another color or (The store owner walks away.)
1	(checking her out) Hi! You uh, movin' in or movin' out?
1	Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
1	Oh wow, what a beautiful name! (Pause) What is it again?
1	Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. (Points.) Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop (Points to hers) or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
1	Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh, would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
1	Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
3	We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
5	Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
5	(checks her watch) Fifty-two minutes. (Pause) So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
5	Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
5	Yeah? You like that one?
5	I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh here - Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? (Does so.) And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
2	And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
1	Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
2	There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
1	Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink lacys.
2	I'm just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women's underwear! I don't think you could ever do that.
1	You've seen my huge stack of porn, right? (Phoebe nods.)
5	Oh Ross you're so tense! You just gotta relax, okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax (She takes her hands off of the wheel.)
4	(grabbing the wheel) What-what are you doing?! Are you - Okay that's not funny! Just stop horsing around!
5	I am not horsing around, okay? I am Porsching around.
4	Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
5	Really? You think so?
4	I was talking to myself! You're going down!
0	Uh oh yeah, she did. Uh, he did. (To Chandler) She? (To the waiter) I'm-I'm sorry I'm new. I don't
3	Yeah, I just ordered a beer! (Pounds the table.)
5	Well mainly because he's kissing that other guy.
2	Oh no not that guy there. That guy right there. (Pointing to an attractive man sitting at a table behind them.)
5	Oh yeah he's too cute to be straight.
2	(A woman with large breasts walks in the door) Ohh knockers will help us figure it out. (She walks by and he checks her out.)
5	All right, straight, and not subtle. (The man gets up and leaves.)
2	Ohh, he left his cell phone.
5	Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
2	Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
5	What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fall in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
2	Yeah That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone. (They both get up.)
5	What? Wait! Why why do you get the story?
3	I'll be right with you.
0	(To Ross) Cassie needs to stay at your place.
0	Because Purvy Perverson over here can't stop staring at her.
4	What?! Chandler, she's our cousin!
3	I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. (Stares at Monica's eyes.) Say something.
0	You were staring about eight inches south of there.
4	Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
0	She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
3	Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
1	Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?
1	Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day! (Starts to leave.)
1	And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
1	Wow! Sure! That's great!
1	Yeah! Yeah sure, just so long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
1	Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
3	Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
1	Uh, I don't even really know where I left those. Sorry.
3	(looking at Joey's feet) Those aren't eleven and a half.
1	Okay fine! I'm a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I'll show ya!
5	Oh y'know what honey? Let's not talk about that right now?
5	Sure, but come on, as big as your wedding?
0	Of course not nothing is. Between me and you
0	in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
5	Hey! Y'know, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can wear everything they're supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets through!
5	I don't know! Maybe they have tools.
0	Well I-I talked to and uh, she's definitely going to have this baby. Y'know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
5	Well, maybe that's, maybe that's really brave.
4	There's this kid in my class who said he's in love with me.
1	Ross has a boyfriend.
4	Yeah! I don't know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of sexy professor vibe? (Rachel and Joey both look at him.)
4	It-it - The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
5	Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you - I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
4	Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
1	How'd you get over that teacher?
5	I didn't. I got under him.
2	Bye! (Phoebe goes over and joins Monica on the couch.) We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
0	Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling
4	Phoebe that's not true.
2	Yeah, you're right. How's the Mrs.?
5	I can't believe they've been together for three years.
1	(shocked) Has it been that long?!
4	Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.
1	Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
3	I've had a very long, hard day.
1	Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
3	Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
3	Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
0	Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
5	I don't know why they didn't just tell us.
1	I know! I mean it's not like we weren't cool about it.
1	(To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
0	Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
3	Oh, I have to get married in James Bond's tux!
5	It's a pretty cool tux.
3	Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. (Worried.) Would Monica let me wear this?
1	We should really learn how to play the real way. (Moves another piece.)
2	I like our way. Oh! (Grabs a piece and jumps a bunch of Joey's like in Checkers.) Chess!
5	So Joey, I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding: do you need one?
1	No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
5	Well, what are you going to wear?
1	Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.
5	Huh. Does Monica know about this?
5	Can I please be there when you tell her? (Joey nods yes.)
2	Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
5	Oh, y'know what? I can't. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.
1	(excitedly) Can I come?! I won't even talk! You'll just hear the noise from my video camera.
2	Hell yeah! I'll marry you! (She grabs the ring and puts it on.)
0	You can't marry him!
2	Hey lady, your day's over! It's my turn!
1	Why?! Why can't she marry me?!
2	I can and I will! (Kisses him.)
0	She's not pregnant. It's Rachel. Rachel's the one who's pregnant.
0	Phoebe I think he would notice if you didn't have a baby in nine months!
1	(smiles then stops) Now I can't believe it! What? Rachel's pregnant? (The girls nod yes.) Who's the father?
1	Ohh I wonder if that dude.
1	About a month ago this guy spent the night with Rachel, I didn't see who it was but (He walks out and closes the door.)
2	Was that story over?
2	(gasps) Oh my God! I know who the father is (She walks into Monica and Chandler's.)
0	People have got to finish their stories!
1	(to Dina) You were right. He is funny.
5	Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laughed at you! Now come on Bobby, why don't you tell us a little bit about your band?
5	(To Dina) Really? (Nods her head at Bobby.)
1	Dina, if you're having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! (Bobby gets happy.) Dude, that's not a compliment!
1	So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You're gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself without a husband?! You can't be a single mother alone! You're gonna ruin your life!
5	Oh excuse me! Am I ruining my life?
1	No! No! No! It's different for you. You're so strong and together. You're not some dumb kid who doesn't know what she's doing.
1	One pregnant woman at a time, please! I just want you to be okay.
5	So forcing her to marry Bobby is gonna make that happen?
1	Maybe! (To Bobby) Well! Well so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts - Oh forget it! I can't!
1	Because! 'Cause 'Cause you're my baby sister!
1	But Rachel has an apartment.
4	Yeah, but when the baby comes she's gonna want to move.
4	Yeah, you didn't expect her to live there with a baby did you?
1	I guess I didn't really think about it.
4	(finds the word in the book) Ezel! (Reads the translation.) Hey Gunther! You're an ezel!
0	Oh. (Holds on to it.) (To herself) You're not gettin' it.
0	Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That'll really work up your appetite for lunch.
0	I'm sorry. I've never had a maid before, is this not okay?
4	Hey! I did not dump Rachel! (To Mona) Nor are we still together. (The phone rings and Ross goes to answer it, only he's trapped behind the apothecary table by Dr. Green.) Can I just (Dr. Green glares at him.) Why don't we just let the machine get that?
1	(on machine) Hey Ross. It's Joey. There's a hooker over here and we thought maybe you'd know something about it.
4	No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-I - I need to, I need to lie down.
0	Yeah! Hey! Thanks for getting me that girl's number.
0	Is that, is that what they call strippers sometimes?
0	Oh my God Stu! I-I can't believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she's a hooker?
1	Maybe she meant to get you a hooker.
3	Why would she do that?
1	Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you're really bad at y'know, sexually?
1	Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight, you or Ross?
3	There's no question.
1	So you think Ross too?
0	Ross is really strong! Okay, he's the strongest out of all three of you! (Joey looks at her.) Except for Joey.
3	I cannot believe you didn't pick me.
4	Uh, in her defense, she's right. I am stronger. I would destroy you.
3	Oh really?! You think you're stronger? Why don't you prove it? (He pushes Ross who starts to fall backwards until Mona catches him.)
4	Oh I'll prove it! I'll prove it like a theorem!!
0	Wait-wait!! Okay, stop it! Stop it! Stop! (Breaks it up.) Now listen, no one's gonna fight in this apartment.
1	Hey Monica! (Grabs her and pulls her into the living room.) People came to see a fight, let's give 'em what they came for!
1	Yeah. Listen to the slutty nurse.
3	(To Ross) You're going down.
4	That's less embarrassing, yes. Yes I was.
4	(voiceover) So when she came in, I got distracted and totally forgot about the camera. [Cut back to the present day.] It kept rolling and recorded everything.
3	Yeah, we're gonna need to see that tape. (They rest of them agree.)
4	What a great idea! That will get Rachel to forgive me!
1	Y'know what? This is not fair to her. Let's just forget the tape!
0	I still don't get why Greg and Jenny would give us a fake number.
1	Y'know, if they knew what they were doing they probably didn't give you real names either.
0	Okay, maybe people give out fake numbers, but they don't give out fake names.
1	Oh yeah? (To Phoebe) Hi, Ken Adams, nice to meet you.
3	I still don't get it, we didn't do anything wrong.
1	So it's noticeable huh?
4	Look, is Rachel here? I really need to talk to her.
2	Didn't you two already talk?
4	Yeah but uh Okay, okay look you guys know that Rachel and I slept together, but there's something else. (Pause) Rachel's pregnant.
1	(simultaneously) Oh my God!!! I can't believe that!!
2	(simultaneously) Holy mother of God!!!
2	That is brand new information!!
4	You already know don't you?
4	Okay. Okay. I mean I'll be okay. It's just I don't think I handled it very well.
1	Well, what did you say to her?
4	Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned around she was gone.
4	But hey, in my defense I-I just found out condoms are like only 97% effective.
4	I gotta go find her.
1	Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don't even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!
0	Joey, you don't have to finish that.
5	(entering carrying a book) Okay! Okay! Listen to what Sean McMahon wrote in my yearbook senior year, "Dear Rach, you're such a good person."Not girl! Person!
4	Rach, I think you're reading a little too much into it.
5	(reading what he wrote again) "Dear Rach, you're a great person. Sorry about your tiney-wienie."(Will laughs.)
4	Look, what do you want me to do? Do you want me to call everyone in the entire school and tell them it wasn't true?!
4	Well look-look I'm not calling anybody! Okay? It was like a million years ago!
5	I don't care how long ago it was! You told people that I was half and half! Y'know what? I just want to point out I never did anything to hurt you in high school.
0	That's not totally true.
0	Well you-you did start that rumor about Ross making out with Mrs. Altman, our 50-year-old librarian.
4	(shocked) (To Rachel) How did you know that?!!!!
5	Yes it is! I saw you guys going at it behind the card catalog!
3	I'm sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman?
0	Oh my God Phoebe, you're on fire!
3	One more score to go! You can do it! (Touches her shoulder.)
3	All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
2	I can't!! I can't!! (She dies.) Noooooooo!!!!!!! You son of a bitch!!!!!
2	Oh hi Ben - No!! Don't look at the machine! (Covers the screen.)
5	Yes! But what is wrong with this dog?!
1	Hey, did you get to the part where they're trapped in the car and Cujo's throwin' himself at the windshield?
5	No! No! Seriously, what's wrong with the dog?! Wait a minute, what are you doing home so early? What happened to your date?
1	Oh uh, it didn't work out.
5	Oh. Do you want to watch the rest of the movie with me?
5	Y'know, I never thought I'd say this about a movie, but I really hope this dog dies. (Joey brings over a stool at sits on it next to Rachel who's in the big chair.) What are you doing over there? Come sit here, you protect me.
1	Oh sure, yeah, why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
5	Well, I gotta get up early and it's almost seven o'clock.
1	Yeah, I gotta, I gotta go to my room too.
5	(entering) I didn't ask you to do it!
1	But plus, it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
5	And so bad. I don't even know what you're talking about because I didn't ask you to do anything!
1	Do you wanna do it?
1	All right, me neither! I was just testing you!
5	That's the end of this conversation!
1	This conversation never happened!
5	Never happened! Good night!
1	Get back in there! (Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.)
2	Hi. Listen, I'm sorry about that whole thing with Roger. It really wasn't right, and I, and I want to make it up to you, so umm, I brought you something that I think you'll really enjoy. (Goes into the hallway and returns carrying the Evander Holyfield cutout.) Now, this is just a loan. Okay? I'm gonna, I'm gonna want him back. So (Looks at him longingly) I'm gonna go now. (Exits.) (Pause) (Entering) I'm sorry, I thought I could do it and I can't! (She grabs the cutout and exits for good.)
0	Y'know what? You're-you're right.
2	Yeah I mean if you want to say anything to her, I'd tell her off.
0	Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! (She ignores Monica and Monica follows her out into the hall with Phoebe in tow.) It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn't on purpose! But what you're during to me now is just plain spiteful!
0	That's right! Maybe it's time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady old lady lady!
2	(To Monica) Wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up
0	So whenever you're ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! (Monica and Phoebe reenter the apartment and Monica closes the door on a stunned Mrs. Green.) I can't feel my legs!
2	You were fantastic! I'm so proud of you!
0	Yeah? I'm proud of me too.
0	Yeah could-could-could you get me something to drink?
5	Yes, I've done my studying and I really know my stuff.
2	Relax, it's not like we're forking.
5	Oh that's five Ross. Five women have had five babies! And I have had no babies! Why doesn't she want to come out?
4	Y'know what I think it is? I think you've made such a nice home for her over the last nine months that she just doesn't want to leave.
5	Oh. Look at you making up crap for me. Oh God! (Starts another contraction as Dr. Long enters.)
5	Doctor you gotta do something! I think you gotta give me drugs or you gotta light a fire up in there and just smoke it out.
5	My God. Okay. (Another woman enters.) Ha-ha-ha beat ya! Sucker!
2	Y'know what? This one is. (Eats another spoonful of pudding as Cliff sees something on TV.)
2	Huh. Okay, Mr. Perkazet.
2	Cliff, do you really believe that a character from a TV show was here in your room?
1	(entering) Rachel's having her baby!! (Phoebe turns and looks at him.) Which is of no interest to me, I'm a neurologist.
2	Wh-why is that the best part?
0	Because then I don't have to!
0	I'm really not deciding!
2	Aww, and good luck to you too! (To Monica and Rachel) What a nice lady!
1	Yep. Hey, what do you say we make it a double feature?
4	And it'll be cool to see it again! Yeah!
3	Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
4	Well, John McClane had plans!
3	No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
1	What are you talking about? Bitch.
2	Umm, when I get married will you be my maid of honor?
5	Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I'm just - Wait a minute. If I'm your maid of honor that means you are Monica's.
3	Oooh, I'm afraid that does not exist.
0	That's not true, there are great pictures of us!
3	No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this (Makes what can only be described as a toothy frown. Henceforth, this shall be known as The Face.)
3	I don't know what it is, I just can't take a good picture.
0	(looking at one) Oh, here's a great one.
3	Yeah, I'm not in that.
0	I know, but look at me: all tan.
2	Hey, why don't you guys go get portraits done by a professional photographer.
0	That's a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y'know (Does the whole hair blowing in the wind model type poses.)
2	Yeah that's great! Next to that, Chandler won't look so stupid.
0	Chandler what do you say?
3	All right, but I should warn you, I'm not going. I'm going. (Does The Face while saying that last part.)
4	(To Chandler) Dude, that reverse lay-up! Oh
3	How about those three-pointers?
5	Hey look-look, Phoebe's talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.
0	It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
4	What? You forgot fourteen states?
0	Nobody cares about the Dakotas. (That's true in so many ways, trust me, I've lived in one and been to the other.)
3	Oh, okay, time's up!
5	All right, I got 48.
3	Oh that's not bad, Pheebs?
2	Oh, I got tired of naming states. So I decided to list the types of celery, and I have one: regular celery.
3	Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in vegetables, Joey?
1	Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.
4	Wow, how many have you got?
1	Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports team!
3	Does South Oregon have a sports-team? (Joey strikes one from his list) There you go.
5	(counting the place settings) How come we have one extra place setting?
5	Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
1	Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner - No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
5	Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
1	Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
5	Well forget it, I'm not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.
1	Fine! (Pause) Now, where'd we land on those pancakes? (She chases him out the door as his date emerges from the bathroom.)
5	Yeah, Joey kinda disabled it when I moved in.
5	(pause) Would you like some pancakes?
3	Come on! Why are we here?!
4	Okay, okay take a guess.
4	Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university! (They start heading that way, towards a secluded section behind the racks.)
3	Wow that's actually pretty cool.
4	(stopping quickly) Oh umm, there's also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. (They both laugh, but stop when the hear moaning coming from the next aisle.) What is that?
3	Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
0	(interrupts him) If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
5	Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
0	Oh, I already have one.
2	Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
5	Yeah, and-and-and by someone, she means Joey.
0	Hey, I know what I want!
0	No, you don't want this. I want to have your grandmother's cookie recipe.
2	You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
2	You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
0	(returning) Okay! (Sets down a huge 3"3-ring binder on the table.)
3	What in God's name is that?!
4	Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven't seen that since the forth grade!
0	This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. (She opens up the binder to the locations chapter.) First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
2	That is so smart! (To Chandler, under her breath) Break it off. Break it off now.
4	Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
2	I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
4	Oh my God! Of course, of course. (To the class.) Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you (Motions that they should learn everyone's hometown.) (To Phoebe) Wh-what's going on?
2	Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
4	Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
4	Phoebe, you said it was urgent!
2	Oh yeah it is! I'm going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
4	Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
2	(to the students) Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
0	All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
1	Well uh, I wanted to have a few beers, but uh, I got rid of those because Rachel couldn't stand the smell of them. But I have thrown back a lot of orange juice with calcium though. And uh, it's a couple weeks past it's expiration date, so it's got a bit of a kick.
1	Are you kidding me? I'm great! Yeah, I'm uh; I'm better than great. I am good. And now that she's gone, I can uh, I can do all this stuff around here that I couldn't do before. Y'know? Like umm, I can walk around naked again. Y'know? I can uh, I can watch porn in the living room. Right? This is uh, this is good for me. Y'know? I like being on my own, I'm uh, better off this way. I'm uh, a lone wolf. Y'know? A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What's a wolf got to do to get a huh around here?! (Chandler rushes over and hugs him.)
2	That's it. Just relax.
2	Yeah, you like that don't you?
0	Oh yeah right there!
2	You want it there? You take it there baby!
2	Yeah, say my name. Say it! (She stops when she realizes what she's doing.) And now I'm going to cover you back up, and umm we're never doing this again.
4	No, it's not what I want either. I mean I-I can't force myself to fall in love with her again now.
1	Hey, I tell you what. Let's you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
4	(checks his watch) We can still catch that Ukrainian film.
3	Uhh yeah. Yeah, it's (Points down the hall) right, right down there. (When he has Bob looking down the hall, he turns around and knocks his nameplate off of his door.) Right there, yeah. Can I ask you why?
3	Okay Bob listen uhh, I'm the reason you didn't get the job up here.
3	Well that puts me in a difficult position.
0	Uh well that depends, how are things with Phoebe?
3	Mom. Thanks for wearing something. (They hug.) (She's wearing a tight dress with a lot of cleavage showing.)
0	Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
0	Dad! There's Ross (points), why don't you go talk to him?
0	It-it's so great to see you both here.
0	Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would you talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
5	Yeah! But I don't know what he looks like!
0	He is the man in the black dress.
5	Man in the black dress (Monica walks away and Rachel looks around to find a woman in a black dress.) (To her) Hi! I'm Rachel! I'm a friend of Monica and Chandler's!
5	Oh I get it! A man duh!
4	(clinking a wine glass) Can I have everyone's attention please? I'm uh; I'm Ross Geller.
4	Dad dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. (Everyone does so.) To the Bings.
0	All right, I'm gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
2	Really?! 'Cause y'know that hurts.
5	So what?! Y'know what? The way I see it - (Phoebe pulls out a hair from the back of her head) - Ow! Son of a bitch!!
5	(glares at him) Get out, get out of my apartment.
0	All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
0	Weren't you asked to leave sonny?
3	(To Joey) Would you put that back on?! Monica's gonna be here any minute!
1	But it hurt's my Joey's Apple.
3	(frustrated) Okay, for the last time. It's not named for each individual man.
3	Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! (To Mr. Geller) And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old! (Puts his hand on Mr. Geller's shoulder.)
5	(entering) Hey! Everybody hide! Hide! I saw her! She's coming!
0	Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
1	Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
2	Yeah, and they've been coming by all day. They love it!
0	They love my candy? Oh man!!! I've gotta go make more!! (Starts to do so.)
1	Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
0	Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
2	Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
4	Ah! (She hugs him.) Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
2	Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I've ever gotten.
2	(starts to leave, but stops) Oh and Chandler's about to cry.
3	Don't worry, I'm brave! I am brave! I I am brave! (They get to the door and Monica goes to open it.) No-no-no-no!! (He stops her.) (Through the door.) Can you tell me who is there please?
0	Hi. Do you know what time it is?
1	(laughing and turning off the TV) So, what did you guys think?
0	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Hold on please. Joey, it's your mom. (Hands him the phone.)
3	It's your mommy. It's your mommy.
1	(on phone) Mom, so what did you think? (He walks away allowing the gang a chance to figure out what they're gonna say.)
4	Hey, what's going on?
1	(grabbing the candy bar) Yeah I'll take that.
3	Monica and I are engaged.
4	Oh my God. (Hugs Chandler.) Congratulations.
0	(yelling at the top of her lungs) I'm engaged!!!!!! I'm engaged!!!!
1	Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
4	Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!"Can I bring her in?
2	Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
0	I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! (Someone else yells at her.) No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! (He yells again.) Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! (Chandler starts to look worried.) Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
2	Oh okay. Umm, all right. (Picks up the phone and starts reading from the script.) Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
2	Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.
2	Oh okay, well I'm sorry to bother you. Bye-bye. (Hangs up the phone.) Yeah you're right, this is easy.
2	Oh well, all right um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
2	No. (Pause) Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
4	Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
4	I can't believe this!!
1	All right well, y'know I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
4	(standing at the edge of the roof) Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice. (Screaming to the street) Help us! Please help us! We're stuck up on the roof and we can't get down!!!
1	Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. (Points it out.)
4	(To Joey) I know, I wasn't finished. (Joey motions him to finish.) (Yelling at the street) But don't worry! We're gonna go down the fire escape!!
3	Shhhhhhhhh!!! (Monica enters) I'm sorry, I thought maybe I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
0	With a wok? (Chandler's holding a wok.) I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
3	It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
0	Here, let me make the milk, I'm up anyway.
3	Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
0	Okay that does sound like fun.
3	Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
0	The second sister dies?!
1	Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
1	Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I'm sorry. (They hug.) How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I'll pay for myself!
2	Okay, you wore me down.
4	Hey Joe, while you're over there how about another beer for the Ross-A-Tron?
1	The Ross - Is that back?!! (Chandler motions no.)
3	Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
5	So just bring it back downstairs, what's the problem?
3	I can't seem to say goodbye.
5	Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
3	Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
5	It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling (Pause) Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
5	Yeah and we'll drop it off downstairs so that we're not tempted.
0	No, to get a table! Places like this are always shakin' you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
3	Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
0	You've got to be smooth about it.
3	Hey, I can be smooth. (Walks back to the Maitre d', very smoothly) Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it. (Shakes his hand)
3	Had the money in the wrong hand. (Shows her his left hand with the money in it)
4	Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
4	Well, I do, so let's... (Ben and Ross sit down on the couch) So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
4	Yep, and you know what other holiday is coming up?
4	Yes, but also (Pauses to let Ben answer, but he doesn't.) Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
4	Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
4	(interrupts him again) Okay, it's not a contest.
1	Sounds great! Okay, alright, well where does this go? (The lamp he's holding.)
1	Okay. Yeah. (She leaves and he goes to pick up a box marked books, but decides to take the box marked pillows instead.) Yeah, I'll grab this one. (He follows her upstairs.)
5	(To Phoebe) So this is Brooklyn.
0	All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! (Holds up a picture of it.) Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? (She passes out whistles to them.) Three short blasts. When you hear it, come running.
5	Oh they're pushing! They're pushing!!
2	(coming back out) Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!!
0	No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. (Checks another rack and another woman tries to reach around her.) (To the woman) Don't crowd me! (Finds it) This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! (She takes it off of the rack and someone has a hold of it on the other side of the rack and tugs on it.) I'm sorry, this one's taken! (The other woman tugs harder pulling Monica through the rack.) Whoa!
0	Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
5	Yeah, I-I-I-I'm funny Ben, but I'm not stupid. Okay?
1	So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
3	No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
0	We're never gonna find anybody.
1	Well then let me do it!
1	No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
0	Joey look it's really sweet
1	No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
1	Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
3	(To Monica) Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
0	It might be kinda cool.
3	Yeah you can do it.
0	I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
3	No! No! I don't want him to know we're here yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides, he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
3	I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
5	Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I'll go under, you go over!
4	Yeah, I'll get right on that.
5	Oh come on Ross!! (She tries to switch places with him and goes under his leg.)
4	No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I'm sure we won't get arrested for this.
5	(sexily) Hi officer, was I going a little too fast?
5	Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
5	(handing it to him) Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.
5	Oops sorry, my mistake.
2	I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long.
5	Phoebe, you had a date three days ago.
2	That wasn't a date! That was, that was just friends getting together (quietly) having sex.
5	Okay. Okay, see? I get the phone.
5	Yeah! (Breaking up) And until now, I didn't think I'd love again.
5	Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone?
5	Well umm, maybe we could uhh (Grabs the phone) Ah-ha! Too slow!!
1	That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
1	Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
0	So to get this part you can't be?
0	But you told them you weren't?
0	Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? (Joey glares at her.) What were you thinking?
1	I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
0	Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to grow a turtleneck!
1	I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
0	Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
1	I just have to call my agent and tell her I can't do the part. (Gets up for the phone.)
0	Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
0	Well I'm not sure yet, but umm, off the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
0	Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it's gonna be.
5	Maybe she hasn't really thought it through that well.
0	Well, there's a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she's not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
5	Uh-hmm. I'm just thinking about Phoebe; poor knocked up Phoebe.
5	Oh yes! Thank you very much! (She grabs a glass, takes a sip, and realizes what she just did. She then tries to spit the champagne back into the glass without Monica noticing. It doesn't work.) Oh that's-that's actually how the French drink it.
2	Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James Brolin
2	Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?"James Brolin said
0	(interrupting) Rachel's really the one who's pregnant.
2	(shocked) What?! (deadpan) Why bother?
5	I don't know. I don't know how I feel. This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I don't want to make. (Takes another sip of champagne and spits it back out) Somebody just take this away from me!!
2	Calm down. Maybe you're not pregnant.
2	When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.
0	Yes! Maybe it's a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
2	(yelling back) I miss you too!!!! (He walks away.)
3	Oh totally! (Holds up his finger.) Pull my finger.
1	(To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
5	I know! My God! Do you have your speech?
1	Yeah, I got my speech!
5	Do you got your gracious loser face?
5	Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!
1	Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
5	Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
1	Rach, we had to get out of there because: look what I won! (He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
5	Oh my God, you stole her award!
3	It happened in London.
3	The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
1	But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
3	No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
0	Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
1	All right! Man, this is unbelievable!
0	(on phone) I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
3	(on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)
0	(on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big
2	(looking out the window) Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! (Starts yelling.) Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! (Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.) Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
2	(screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
5	Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
5	I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
5	Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know, so you have to stop screaming!!
2	What is this? What's going on?
1	Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
5	Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey's lewd version?
5	Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time she and I y'know kissed a little bit.
2	(laughs) Yeah, I'm sure that happened.
1	Hey. (Laughs, then seriously) It happened!
5	Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
2	(To Joey) Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
1	Why are you taking this away from me?
5	Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?!
2	Okay! I just - I didn't know that you are a lesbian. (Joey smiles and nods lewdly.)
5	I'm not saying that I'm a lesbian! I'm just saying that this happened!
3	(to another couple) Uh, excuse me? Could you take a picture of us?
3	Uhh Yeah sure. (Holds the camera up to his face.) Click!
4	I heard it. I heard it.
3	Oh yeah. I'll take, I'll take your picture. (He takes the picture with his finger over the lens.)
3	Who are you? Ansel Adams?! Get outta here!
2	Look, I feel really bad about how I freaked you out before, so I called the father and asked him to meet you here so you can tell him. Go!
5	What? Hey wait a minute! Phoebe, how do you even know who the father is?
2	I may play the fool at times, but I'm a little more than a pretty blond girl with an ass that won't quit. (She takes the sweater out of her purse.) I believe this belongs to the father of your baby.
5	Oh God Oh, he's in there right now?
2	Uh-huh. Now you can turn around or you can go in there and rip the Band-Aid off. What to you want to do?
2	Really? Are you sure?
1	Well I'd be scared of them, but all right.
1	Of course he's gonna have his Uncle Joey!
1	That's right! By his uncle too!
5	Okay Bobby, why don't we just come over here and let them have a little moment. (Drags Bobby away from Joey and Dina.)
5	No! Seriously! What's wrong with you?!
4	You're gonna love me so much. I got Sting tickets!! (Holds up two.)
2	Oh my God! I do love you! How did you do it?!
2	Oo, where are the seats?
4	Uh, middle balcony.
2	Okay, now would you say that that's more than 50 yards away from Sting, his wife, or a member of his family?
2	Then that's not breaking the law! I'm there!
1	Oh, okay. I I ate way too much.
1	Ooh. (Notices the pizza, grabs a slice, and takes a bite.) So umm, I was talkin' to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.
5	Oh yeah! Hopefully across the street if certain Dutch people would just let go.
1	I was kinda hoping you'd stay.
5	Oh but Joey, I have to go. There's no room for a baby here.
1	No room? It's a baby. It's like this big. (Holds his hands about a foot apart.) Y'know, I mean you-you could you could put it over here. (A desk.) Or-or-or we could put it right here. (The chair.) Aw, it's cute, right? Or-or we could put it over here. (By the bathroom door.) You wouldn't even notice it. Where's the baby? (Mumbles that it's over in the corner.)
5	Honey, it's not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all the time. I mean imagine bringing home some girl and trying to score when there's a screaming baby around.
1	I could use a challenge! It's getting pretty easy.
5	Honey, it's so sweet that you want me to stay, but I-I can't do that to you. I mean it would disrupt your entire life.
1	I love living with you so much. I just wish things didn't have to change.
1	Y'know I blame Ross for this.
5	I do too a little bit.
1	I'm gonna miss you, you're the hottest roommate I ever had.
2	Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.
3	This is the worst bachelor party ever!
3	(To Joey) In a minute? What's gonna happen in a minute?!
1	All right, all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.
1	Hey! It's your bachelor party.
1	I don't want to. You do it!
3	All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave! (Joey smirks.) What?
3	I don't think we've actually done this before!
1	No, I-I miss hanging out with you.
3	Well we we still hang out.
1	Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y'know now it's like things are different.
3	Well y'know, things are different. I'm I'm married now.
1	Oh sure - And hey, don't get me wrong, I am so happy for you guys. I just I miss hanging out just-just us, y'know?
3	Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on we'll make time to hang out with each other.
1	You got it. Come here. (They hug and are observed by the hooker.)
4	Oh yeah? You're going further down! Downtown!
1	Seriously guys, the trash talk is embarrassing.
5	Oh Gunther! You brought candy! Thank you so much for picking this up! You are so sweet.
5	Honey, someday you are gonna make some man the luckiest guy in the world.
5	Gotta go! (Opens the door to a boy in a cape.) Hi! Wow! There you go! (Hands him some candy.)
5	Oh yeah, we were but umm, now we've got candy.
5	Well, that-that's not your choice. Happy Halloween!
5	Well is it fair that all you did was put on a cape and I gotta give you free stuff?
5	Uh, I think I just did. And uh-oh, here it comes again. Shut up!
5	(To Joey) Yeah I know - I'm good - I got it! (Joey slowly backs away.) (To the boy) Now wait a minute, I've got one more thing I have to say to you oh right! Shut up!
5	No! Wait no! Shut up - I mean don't cry! Let me get my checkbook! (Grabs her checkbook and runs after him.)
0	(To Chandler) Look honey, you don't have to do this, okay? It's the strength you have inside that means the most to me. You're loyal, you're honest, and you have integrity! That's the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!
0	I know! Although, you did tell an awful lot of jokes.
3	I thought you said those jokes were funny. Joke! Joke! Joke!
0	(rolling her head from side to side) Joke. Joke. Blah! Blah! (Joey and Phoebe laugh.)
3	Well maybe it was all of your questions.
0	What about my questions?
3	The sheer volume, it was like flying with the Riddler!
0	Oh, I'm sorry. Was that another joke?
3	(angrily) Was that another question?
5	(entering) Hey! Is Ross still here?
1	Uh no Rach, he's gone. But listen, he told us what happened and it does, it sounds like an honest mistake.
5	Oh really? Well how would you like it if I had sex with you and I taped it? (Joey smiles luridly) Oh forget it! (Ross enters.) Oh there he is now, the father of my child, the porn king of the west village.
4	Look, it was accident! Okay? I-I feel bad that it happened, but I swear, I didn't even watch it! Anyway, here. (He takes the tape out of his coat pocket.) I thought you might be more comfortable destroying it yourself. (Tosses her the tape.)
5	Thank you. (She sets it on the floor and is about to stomp on it with her shoe when the rest of the gang jumps up and yells simultaneously.) What? (They all yell again.) You don't want to see this do you?
0	I can't believe we're here.
3	Oh you've got to be kidding me.
0	No!! You have been screwing us all day!
3	We're you just ten seconds later!
0	Yeah! You already got the first class tickets; you got the lounge! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you're not the only ones on your honeymoon!
3	(looks at Monica then at them) We need the stuff.
1	Hey Monica it's Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas comin' from your apartment.
0	What? Are you serious?! (To Chandler) Joey smells gas!
1	Yeah and we'd go check it out, but you took away our keys.
0	Well do something! Get in there!
1	How? I guess I could break down your door.
1	And-and you won't blame us for any damage? (Gives Phoebe a thumbs up.)
4	Hey! She didn't look 50!
5	Ohh, there's a picture of her in the yearbook actually.
4	She didn't photograph well!
3	Well, she probably wasn't familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings!
2	So how did this happen? Did she, did she lure you to an early bird dinner?
4	I was working late in the library one afternoon. It was just the two of us. She needed some help with her word jumble. And one thing led to another. If you must know, Anita was very gentle and tender. May she rest in peace
0	Didn't she walk with a cane?
4	Only when it was damp!! (To Rachel) I can't believe you-you told people about this?! Everybody knew?! Y'know what? (To Will) I'm back in the club!
2	I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I never got to be in a club. I-I didn't go to high school, but three of us would meet behind a dumpster to learn French. Bonjour.
5	All right, y'know - Fine! You guys have your stupid little club, but I would just like to say is what you did to me is way worse than what I did to you! You gave me a tiney-wienie! (Will laughs.)
0	And Ross, if it weren't for Rachel's rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
4	As a romancer of the elderly.
5	Okay. (Pushes play.) Okay, that's him! That's him! That's Cujo! That's Cujo!
1	All right, I know! I know. Yeah, it'll be okay.
5	Oh my God .What's he gonna do now? I can't watch! (Drags Joey closer to her and cowers into his chest.) Oh. Seriously, how can you watch this? Aren't you scared?
4	So is everybody here? I got here a little early myself. Let us begin. Now, the hydrosaurids have been unearthed in two main locations. (He moves to the map and we see why he made it to class on time, he's wearing in-line skates and hasn't taken them off.) Here. (Points to the map, somewhere in the Middle East, then spins on the skates and points to the map.) Here. (China.) Now as for the hydrosaurs
4	All right then. (Gets up, in an announcer's voice) Rachel Green! Let's play Bamboozled! (Reading from a note card.) How do you test the temperature of the baby's bath water?
5	Uh, put your elbow in it.
4	Excellent! How do you put a baby down for a nap?
5	Full, dry, on its back, and no loose covers.
4	That's correct! This is an audio question, what do you do when the baby makes this sound? (Makes a sound like someone is choking a cat.)
5	Check if it's wet, check if it's hungry, burp it!
4	Excellent! Excellent, now-now do you want another question or a Wicked Wango card?
5	A card! A card! I pick a card!
4	Oh, I'm sorry you've been Bamboozled! You're gonna be a terrible mother! (Rachel stares at him agape.) I've lost sight of why we're doing this! (Rachel gets up and walks away.)
1	Fake? Excuse me? Hello? (Taps the TV screen.)
2	You're right, that was wrong. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. It's just that I liked you so much. Can we just, can we just start over?
1	Uh, if I may? Umm-umm look, Cliff, you told me a lot of personal stuff about you, right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh, she was married to a gay ice dancer. Uh, she gave birth to her brother's triplets. Oh! Oh! Her-her twin sister used to do porn!
2	Uh Joey, we're trying to dial down the crazy.
2	Umm, look we don't, we don't really know each other so it would be really easy to just forget about this, but there seems to be something between us. And I don't know about you but that doesn't happen to me a lot.
5	I can't. I can't push anymore, I can't.
4	Sweetie you're doing great.
5	Oh God twenty seconds my ass!!
4	What? You do? You do? (Looks) Oh my God!
5	Don't say, "Oh my God!"Oh my God what?
2	Oh! Well, if that's what you want
5	Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica's!
2	But why does it even matter?!
5	Why does it matter so much to you?!
5	What-what if I marry Ross - Or Joey?
2	(gasps) You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
2	And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. (Rachel stops talking.) Oh I guess that was it.
5	Okay. Okay. It's - since you've never done it before you can be Monica's maid of honor.
2	Oh, thank you so much! (They hug.) Okay.
5	I'm gonna marry someone good y'know.
5	Better than Chandler. (Phoebe exhales as if to say, "Like what isn't?")
4	Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy? We call him Hums While He Pees.
3	Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
2	(returning) Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
5	Hey, I thought that guy was married.
2	He is! But he's getting divorced - Ross! Maybe you know him.
5	Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
4	Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
3	They have that on the napkins at the club.
5	Oh, I gotta get back to work.
2	You don't have to be back for a half-hour!
5	Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
3	Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
5	Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
4	Soon he'll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
5	I am not gonna get fired, because I'm not gonna act on it.
0	'Cause you invited your assistant.
5	Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
0	Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
5	Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... your food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
0	Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, (Laughs) but I still do.
2	Regular Celery! (Starts to write that on her list) Oh, I already have that. (She gets up and heads for her room)
4	Done! With time-a to spare.
3	Oooh that may be a New World's record (Looks at his watch and picks up Ross' pad)
4	You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?"Hmm?
3	Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states. (Smiles and hands Ross back his pad)
4	What? That's impossible.
1	46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
0	All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
4	No, just give me another minute.
0	She sent the chicken back again?!
0	Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
0	(to the lobster) Lucky bastard! (Throws the lobster in and turns around to face the planet's most annoying woman, next to Dr. Laura and Kathy Lee Gifford of course. She's the most annoying female TV character however.) Janice.
3	OH MY GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
0	Well, she saw the ring.
0	Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
0	Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
3	(laughs) You said no, right?
0	Well, she cornered me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
0	I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
2	Break my heart - Oh, all right.
0	Okay. I'm gonna be the mom that makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies.
3	Hey! How's the boat?!
1	Great! I'm finally getting into this sailing stuff.
0	Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
1	Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
2	If you don't sail your boat, what do you do on it?
1	Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips. (He says that as he sits, hangs around, drinks a beer, and eats a chip.)
3	Well, it's good that you finally have a place to do that.
5	Y'know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.
5	Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
5	What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
3	Do you know what I was thinkin'?
0	All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
3	Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't play anymore and Derrick (Off of Rachel and Monica's looks) And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
1	(sitting up from the couch) Hey Mon, do you have another pillow? (Holds up one.) Y'know, something a little snugglyer?
3	Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
5	What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
0	Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
0	Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
0	Yeah! Roses or Lilies? (Holds up a picture of each.)
3	Definitely roses. (Monica and Rachel exchange a look.) Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. (Monica holds the Lily picture closer to him.) But Lilies are the clear choice.
0	Oh my God! It's like one mind.
5	Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
1	All right, I'm gonna go! (Gets up and heads for the door.)
5	Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
4	Phoebe, what are you doing?
0	Oh my pleasure. Okay, I'm afraid I've got some bad news. (Phoebe enters.) Phoebe!
2	(simultaneously) I'm breaking up with you!
2	I'm, I'm breaking up with you.
2	I'm sorry, I'm just - I'm I'm just not ready for a relationship right now.
0	Yeah and-and I'm sorry too. But, well I just - I like things done a certain way and the chemistry's just not right.
2	Oh that's good, the chemistry thing for us too.
0	Umm, I think I spoke too quickly. There-there's a learning curve with this job and maybe we can try it again.
2	And Tim I just wanna say, good luck here. (Shakes his hand and leaves, which disgusts Monica.)
3	Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a (turning to each page) Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a - ah-ah! Paper cut!
2	Now, have you told anyone else?
3	No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
3	Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
2	Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
2	Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse?
4	Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.
3	Oh well, we don't because we got the other pl-place.
5	And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."
3	(To Monica) Oh, well thank you in advance. (Kisses her.)
5	Op, but the twelfth brings a lover's spat.
5	Oh, wait and on the nineteenth a secret crush announces itself.
5	(ecstatic) Oh my God! It's Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!
3	Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
1	Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
2	No! Joey, you're going to be great!
1	But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
0	Who wants it? Anybody?
0	Nobody wants to do it? All right, I'll do it myself.
5	Monica! I'm not gonna screw it up!
0	Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
5	Well of course that is what I'm here for!
5	Ugh! (To Phoebe) What grandmother?
1	Hey! Where have you been?
4	Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.
4	What? Are you going back to work?
1	Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won't get spit in the eyes, y'know?
1	Great! All right. I'll see you later. (He starts to leave.)
4	Hey, where's Chandler?
3	Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down! (Rachel turns off the lights and everyone crouches. As everyone crouches, a ripping noise erupts from the assemblage.)
3	(getting up to investigate) Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what's going on.
0	Heyyy!! You got the door open!! (Giggles.)
3	Hey-hey are you drunk?
0	Nooo! (Giggles) Okay. (She tries to pull herself up by Rachel and Joey's doorknob, but the door opens and she almost falls into the their apartment. She manages to catch herself.) Whoa! (Stands up, unsteadily) Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning (whispering) thirty. (Giggles.) So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. (Pause) I wanna puke on you later!
0	Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! (Pause) That they know of.
3	Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
0	Really?! You promise?
3	Yeah, I'll take care of it.
0	Okay. I love you so much. (Kisses him.)
3	(laughing) Okay we have to do something about your breath.
3	That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
0	Okay. I can do that.
0	Oh please! (To Chandler) Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
0	Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
5	(hugging him) So did you read your evaluation yet?
5	(worried) Okay please, you're kidding right?! I wrote that one as a joke for you!
5	Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny tushie.
5	Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision,"and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not,"and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
5	Well that was umm Okay.
4	It wasn't the best.
3	That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV.
0	Wh-what are we gonna tell him?
4	Well, the lighting was okay.
5	Ohh no you don't! You got lighting last time, lighting is mine!
0	And I have costumes.
4	Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there (Points to the TV) and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
5	What are you gonna do Pheebs?
2	I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I - no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
2	Uh-huh, yeah that's right.
0	Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
3	(To Ross) Okay, you get her in here. (To Joey) You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
0	Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! (Bangs on her class with a spoon to make a toast.) Okay, umm, I just wanna say that I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. (Chandler clears his throat.) Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my - our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me - us - Damnit!
3	It's okay, I want this to be your night too. (Raises his class.) To Monica.
0	Awww, come on - wait - stop it. Okay, to Monica.
2	So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
5	Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to
2	Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
5	(To Monica) Yeah, you're on your own.
1	But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. (Everyone stops in their tracks upon hearing this.) What?
3	So when you said, "Get up early,"did you mean 1986?
1	You guys don't think I look 19?
2	Oh, 19! We thought you said 90!
0	Okay everybody, let's go! Let's go!
4	(To Monica) Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
0	Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories
4	Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
4	Wow! Great! (Finds a pack of cigarettes.) Wait, dad who-who's cigarettes are these?
4	It's a clown kit! Clown kit!
4	How are you ever going to sell this place?
4	Oh no. Dad! Dad! What (He goes to open one of her boxes and it rips apart.) Oh God everything's ruined! Dad, she's gonna be crushed!
2	(on phone) Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? (Listens) Earl, thanks. (Listens) Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs. (She's reading from the script.)
2	I'm hearing what you're saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
3	(Pause) No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
5	You wanna go in the bedroom? It's a little more comfortable.
5	Okay. (They start to head for the bedroom) Oh wait! Umm, did you send those contracts to Milan?
5	No seriously, y'know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them?
5	Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
5	Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? (He starts laughing.) Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
5	Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
5	Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
5	No! Come on its late, we're not gonna go down to the office.
3	Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
5	Momma's Little Bakery, Chicago, Illinois. (They exit with the cheesecake.)
1	Awww! Mel Torme died.
0	Joey, that paper's like a year old!
4	Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
0	(disgusted) Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
4	Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
0	Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
1	Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back
0	Wait a minute, y'know, you're bringing me!
4	What? I can't cancel on Joan!
4	Bec - Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
4	Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah?
4	No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben.
4	No, hey-hey, come on, (He grabs Ben and sits him on his lap) Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
4	(disappointed) Yes! Santa's coming!
0	It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
3	How do you know so much about this?
3	Richard used to do it, didn't he?
0	We'd be eating our soup right now.
0	(sees two people exit) Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
3	(finds his money) Ahh-hahaha! (Turns around to give the Maitre d' his money, but he isn't there anymore)
2	So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
1	Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One, two, three, four...
0	What? You freak! You wouldn't even have known about this place if it wasn't for me!
0	Maybe I do! I'm pretty feisty! (She blows the signal.)
2	(hearing the signal) I'm coming! I'm coming! (She takes off towards the signal and almost knocks another woman over.)
2	Okay! (Runs that way and hears another whistle blast.) Hey! (Heads the other way and hears another blast.) What do I do?!! (She runs in the second direction and finds that the whistling is coming from inside a rack. She moves the dresses out of the way to find Rachel curled up in a fetal position frantically blowing on the whistle.) What are you doing? (Rachel doesn't stop.) Did you find the dress? (Rachel won't stop so Phoebe pinches her nose shut which causes her to spit the whistle out.)
2	Did you find the dress?
5	No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are crazy!
2	I - We gotta get Monica. (She starts to leave.)
5	No! You gotta hold my hand!!
2	Oh my God!! (She grabs Rachel's hand and drags her towards Monica.) Excuse me! Excuse me! (She's knocking women and veils out of the way as she moves.)
3	So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
1	All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
0	Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
2	Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!
0	Oh, I'm sorry. Can I get you something?
0	Here, take a couple of these. (She gets up to grab a couple of pills.)
2	Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. (She's pinching the bit of skin between her right thumb and forefinger with her left hand.) Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks. (Takes the pills.)
0	Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. (Phoebe gets up and goes with her.) Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm - Sit down - (She sits down on the couch) - gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
1	Oh! My head! Oh! (He's sitting on the chair, lies back, and puts his feet up for Monica to rub.) Oh!
4	I have a bone to pick with you.
4	Yes! Ben learned a little trick.
5	Oh yeah? Did he pull the old (She is waving her hand up and down her face. She's thinking about the pencil mark.)
4	Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
5	Really?! You think so? Y'know, I had just rolled out of bed.
4	Well she should, it was taken ten years ago!
5	Y'know you're-you're probably wondering about the old date on there.
5	I bet you're a Gemini.
5	I knew it! I knew it, ahh .
1	No. No, I'm Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I'm the guy in the coma!
1	An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I'm getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me
1	(quickly) I don't know. Why? Did you hear something?
1	Oh uh, one of the writers.
1	Ms. Monroe (She slaps him) Oh there you go. (She storms off, leaving Joey standing next to Dina. They share a nod at the ferocity of the slap they just received.)
5	No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
2	Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
2	(handing Rachel the phone) Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
2	Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
5	Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
2	Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that's coming? Me. Are you?
5	Hey! What's up Mon?
0	Well uh, I'm trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
0	Okay. (Opens the fridge.) All right, turkey. Eh, that won't work. Cheese? (Picks it up) That won't work. Olive loaf? (Picks it up) I hope that won't work.
5	Are you makin' him a sandwich?
0	No it's umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I'm gonna go guys.
0	I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present! (Runs out.)
5	(To Phoebe, after Monica's gone) We have to get her a present?!
2	Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! (Holds it up.) We have a guest list!
5	How many ways are there to do that?
2	I'm-I'm just saying, don't freak out until you're a hundred percent sure.
5	All right, I'll-I'll take it again when I get home.
0	You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
2	I'll run out and get you one.
5	Oh, you guys are so great.
0	Oh, wait a minute! Who's is the father?!
2	Oh no, she won't tell us.
0	Oh, come on it's my wedding! That can be my present.
5	Wh - Hey, I just gave you peeing on a stick.
2	See? This is why you register.
4	It was the chair again! Okay? I'm not doing it! It what - look, I don't - y'know what - eh-eh (He walks away and goes over to Mona.) Hi.
4	Umm, would you like to dance?
4	I wasn't farting! (To Mona) Uh, a little game from our table. (To the little girl) Yes?
4	Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I'm about to dance with this lady.
1	No-no! No, I'm accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the TV to display it.)
5	Joey I don't think you know what behalf means.
1	Sure I do! It's a verb! As in, "I behalfin' it!"
5	Joey, you have got to take this back!
1	Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
5	Do you really want an award you didn't win?
1	No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus - Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
5	Joey, it says Best Supporting Actress!
1	I can scratch that right off.
5	All right? (He sets the award down.) Thank you.
1	I'll take it back tomorrow.
1	(opening his door) If I can't have it you can't have it! (Rachel walks away angrily.)
5	Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
4	Actually, it looks really good. (Turns towards the window and now Phoebe starts jumping to divert his attention.)
2	(Screaming incoherently.) Get in here!!! (Motions to join her and Rachel.)
2	Okay, so now they know that you know, and they don't know that Rachel knows?
1	Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
5	All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
2	Bye Chandler! (She walks up to him.) (Quietly.) I miss you already. (She pinches his butt.)
3	(after they've left) Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
3	Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
0	Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
3	Phoebe knows about us!
1	Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
1	And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
3	Ahh yes, the messers become the messees!
2	Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you're so - y'know so vanilla.
5	I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
5	All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
2	Okay! All right! Yeah! 'Cause I just can't picture it.
1	Oh-ho, you should get inside my head.
4	Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding! (Holding up his garment bag.)
3	A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?
4	No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman's tux!
4	That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film that Batman film he was in.
3	You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
3	So - If you wear that you'll make mine less special.
2	Okay, sorry. Yeah. (They go inside to confront the father.)
3	Why don't you go up on stage. I'll get a picture of you doing the speech.
4	Will the owner of a 1995 Buick LeSabre please see the front desk? Your car is about to be towed.
4	I'm sorry, I meant a blue LeSabre.
4	Well go! Go move it! (He runs off.)
3	Okay, you ready for the last picture?
3	Get ready to run. (Chandler walks over to the new bride.) Congratulations on your wedding. (He grabs her, kisses her, Ross takes the picture, and they both run out.)
2	Rachel has something that she wants to tell you and umm, I believe that this is your red sweater.
2	Oh no. Could I get anyone a coffee or poison? No? Just for me? Okay. (Walks away.)
5	Nothing! Phoebe kinda made a mistake. But y'know you do wear that sweater a lot, are you involved in some kind of dare?
2	No, I got in trouble for that before. I'll see you later.
2	Really? That's the thing I'm worse at! You'll see. (Exits.)
0	Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a raise.
0	Because I put my head between her legs.
3	Are you sure? Did you see the stain?
0	No! I was just getting into position and then everything went dark.
3	God! She is not stealing from us! Okay, will you let this go?
0	Fine. (Brenda comes in to use the bathroom and adjusts her pink bra strap on the way.) She's wearing my bra!
0	My pink flowered bra! I recognize the strap!
0	Here's the plan! Okay? I'm going to leave you get a look at Brenda's bra!
3	Here's another plan No!
0	I would do it but she thinks I'm attracted to her!
0	(entering quickly) She's a hooker! She's a hooker! She's a (Stops as she sees her.) Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone. (Goes and shakes the hooker's hand.)
4	So your dad dropped by. He's a pleasant man!
5	Ross I'm so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this out with him tomorrow in person, or via e-mail.
4	I don't care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she's totally freaked out!
5	Oh okay, I'll fix that to. What's her e-mail address?
5	All right, I promise. I'll fix this. I swear. I'll-I'll-I'll-I'll talk to her.
2	That's it?! You call that a fight? Come on! "We were on a break!""No we weren't!"What happened to you two?!
4	Thank you so much for coming back over.
3	That means nothing to me. (To Ross) Come on!
2	Y'know the only reason he's marrying you is because he thinks all the things you were saying about yourself were true.
2	Why are you lying to him?
1	(entering) Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We're waiting! (They go inside.) (To Chandler and Ross.) Okay. Okay guys, one match, winner take all. (They grasp each other's hand in preparation for battle.) Oh wait-wait! What does the winner get?
1	(laughing) Okay, if you say so. All right, ready? Set! Go!
0	Chandler's making his sex face.
4	(To Chandler) So, you gettin' tired?
2	No! Not the sex part, just the stuff leading up to it.
4	Forget it, she's destroying it.
2	Okay fine! Fine! We'll just have to think of some other way to put the whole 'Who came onto who,' thing to rest! Come on now, think!!
4	Look, forget it Phoebe. Okay? It's Rachel's tape and she can do whatever she wants with it. And she wants to destroy it. So, end of story.
5	Clearly you don't want people to see this tape. Now I don't want people to see this tape either, but you so badly don't people to see it makes me want to see it. You see?
1	(confused) Are we watchin' the tape or not?!
4	I don't want people to see it for your sake.
5	Ahh, I don't believe you. I think you don't want them to see you begging me. (Goes to put the tape in the VCR)
5	Ah, a little preview!
4	Fine. Fine, but I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road, because in about five minutes I'm gonna be saying (He laughs and points at Rachel sarcastically.)
5	Okay, here we go. (Pushes play.)
4	(on tape) Hello! Can I get you anything?
5	(on tape) Oh, thank God you're here! You have to help me! Were you just talking to yourself?
2	You're gonna get pregnant.
0	No! (Pause) Are you doing it?! I don't hear anything! Come on!
1	Uh, okay I'll-I'll-I'll break it down. (He hands the phone to Phoebe, gets up, picks up a chair, and starts banging it on the floor.)
2	Oh hey hi, he's doing it. He's breaking down the door. (The chair breaks in half.) Okay, we're in. (She hangs up the phone.)
5	(sighs) If I said I was, would you judge me?
4	Uh we-we need to talk.
5	Uh-uh-uh, right now? Because I've kinda got an el fresco situation going on over here.
4	Please, please I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier today.
5	Okay Ross that's fine, but can you please stand near my head?
0	Hey! Mrs. Altman was the kind of woman you could tell she used to be pretty.
4	The eyes did still sparkle.
0	Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you've been through so much since then. And right now you've got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can't you just let this go?
4	Yeah. I mean we are having a baby together.
2	Okay. (Goes over and hugs him.) It's exactly how I'd imagined it would be.
1	(entering, wearing the maternity pants from earlier) All right where's that turkey!
2	Joey! Those are my maternity pants!
1	Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants!
1	Well that's it. I'm done. Whew! (Wipes his forehead.) There come the meat sweats. (Chandler hands him a towel and he wipes his face.)
0	Well Joey, we're all we're all very proud of you.
4	Oh thank God, I thought she had two heads.
5	Oh God. Is she gonna be okay?
5	I'm sorry, I can't!
4	Hey! Hey! Come on! You can! I know you can do this! Let's go!
5	I can't. Please, you do it for me.
4	No! Come on let's - One more time! One final push! Ready? 1 2 3! (Rachel pushes so hard her head snaps up head-butting Ross and knocking him down.)
4	You have no idea how much this hurts. (All of the women in the room turn and glare at him.) Keep going! Keep going!
4	Oh! Oh! She's upside down but she's coming! She's coming!
4	Oh! Oh my God oh! Oh my God she's here.
4	Oh she's she's perfect.
5	Oh, she's so tiny. (Starts crying) Where'd she go?
4	Oh it's okay. They're just-they're just wrapping her up.
5	Okay. Well be careful with her, she's really tiny.
5	Oh hey you. Thanks for coming out of me. (The baby cries.) I know. Oh. Yeah. Oh, she's looking at me. Hi! I know you.
1	Well, I don't know!!
4	We fell asleep! That is all.
1	Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I'd better go.
4	I think that would be best.
1	Yeah. All right, I'll talk to you later.
4	Okay. But not about this!
1	No! Never! Never! (Pause, then Joey wants to shake Ross's hand.) Bye.
4	No touch! No touch!
0	Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today when I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she she wished me good luck.
0	No, it's more like a (sarcastically) good luck.
3	So uh, what did this woman look like?
0	She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.
2	So you wouldn't mind if he was dating someone else?
5	Why? Is he? He is! Isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing!
4	Maybe I should open a divorced men's club.
3	Dude that is so sad.
4	I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
5	Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
5	Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
5	Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
5	Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
5	(startled) Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up? (She has put on the backpack.)
5	Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
3	Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
4	This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
3	Okay, but if you can't no dinner!
1	(gets up) All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
0	(entering, to Joey and Rachel) Hey, did you guys know that your oven doesn't work?
1	But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay, right?
0	Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?
0	Chandler? Can you give me a hand? (Grabs her jacket)
3	Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
1	Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States.
2	Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
4	Phoebe, why is your bag moving?
5	Seriously, it's moving!
3	Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book, Ross!!
0	Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
0	Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either, is she?!
3	Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
0	So-so you would've just lied?
0	Would it really have been that easy?
0	Good, so do it Saturday night because we're going to dinner with her and Clark.
1	Hey-hey, who's your friend? (Erin turns around to face Joey, startling him) Hey!!
5	Yeah, we ended up spending the day together and had such a great time!
1	Why wouldn't ya? Erin is great! Then-then there's you guys.
3	Nothing, I just like to go like this. (Does it again.)
4	(entering from the bathrooms) Hey Chandler, what are you doing tonight?
3	Uh why, do you have a lecture?
3	Then free as a bird. What's up?
4	My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
0	Wow! That's great! Dad must really like you, he doesn't ask just anyone to play.
4	Yeah and he didn't really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
3	Well, did-did you correct him?
4	No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
0	This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
4	Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
3	Oh no problem, maybe I'll play with my left hand.
2	I'm sorry, I'm with a client right now.
2	Okay, let's talk outside.
4	Phoebe, you can't massage people in my apartment!
2	What's the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler's!
4	And they knew about it?
2	(pause as she considers it) Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
4	Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
2	Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
4	The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle - beer! Cold beer.
5	Hey Joey, what 'cha doing?
1	Sweepin'. Why? Turn you on?
1	Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
1	Where are you going? The vicar won't be home for hours.
5	Joey, (nervously) where did you learn that word?
4	Well, how was the date?
5	Well I'm alone and I just bought fifteen dollars worth of candy bars, what do you think?
4	Uh-huh. What happened?
5	I made the mistake of telling him that I was pregnant.
4	Ah, he didn't uh, take it so well?
5	Well better than you, but y'know still not what you want.
5	He got all weird and sputtery and then he said uh, "Yeah, I hear those hemorrhoids are a bitch."
4	Hey, wanna wanna a little cheering up?
4	Guess whose middle name is Muriel.
5	(thinks then gasps) Chandler M. Bing?
4	I'm sorry about your date.
1	Oh, I'm sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.)
2	So how are things going with Paul?
5	Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
2	That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
5	So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
2	No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
2	So how are things going with you?
4	Okay! You take care!
4	Hey Pheebs, what-what was the deal with you and Chandler blowing us off before?
2	Yeah! That was so weird, huh?
4	Phoebe, why'd you do it?
2	Well it's just - it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
1	(nodding knowingly) Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
2	No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
3	I'll give up my ticket.
2	Okay that's so generous!
3	And I think Ross is generous too.
0	I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
3	Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
2	No, I'm just deciding which one to use - I'm gonna start writing another book!
5	Be-because the last one was such a big seller?
2	Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
4	What are you guys doing later?
2	Oh, Rachel and I have appointments to get our hair cut.
2	I want to see what he wants first.
4	(continuing) I just found out that Elizabeth's dad wants to meet me.
3	Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
4	Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
0	We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.
1	Wow! Huh? (Picks up the phone) Mac Macaveli, Private Investigator!
4	Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
3	Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
4	Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.
1	Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?
1	Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer. (Ross is stunned.)
3	A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
5	Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?
3	Oh, is that against the rules?
4	No, but it is frowned upon.
1	The reactor's gonna blow in three seconds, we're never gonna make it!
2	You've got to get out of here! Save yourself!
1	No! I won't leave you!
2	Don't worry about me, I'm a robot! I'm just a machine!!
1	No you're not! Not to me!
1	Yeah, you're great! Okay, let's take it from
1	Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor, only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!
5	Hi Joey, how ya doin'?
5	Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
1	Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
5	I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
5	That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
1	All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I'll take a check for the other hundred.
5	You're jokin' right?
1	Of course I'm jokin'! I don't take checks.
5	Thank God you're pretty. (Exits.)
1	Uh, I think he's in Rachel's room. See ya. (Exits.)
4	(going up to Rachel's closed door) Chandler? (He opens the door and looks inside and doesn't see him.) Chandler? (He checks the bathroom and still doesn't find him. He then finds a note on the counter. He picks it up and reads it.)
4	Is uh, is Monica here?
5	She's steaming her dress, why? What's up?
4	I think Chandler's gone. (He hands her the note.)
5	(reading the note) Tell Monica I'm sorry.
2	(walking up) What's up? (Rachel hands her the note and she reads it.) Tell Monica I'm sorry. (Pause) Tell her yourself!
2	Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
5	Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I drank the last of the milk.
2	Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
4	I think it means he freaked out and left!
2	Don't be so negative! Good God! Isn't it possible that Sorry is sitting in there (Joey and Rachel's apartment) right now?!
5	Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?
4	Look - Okay, I'm just gonna - I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
4	Okay, forward. Forward - Stop! (The car moves an inch and Ross runs to the back of the car.) Okay, back - Stop! (The car barely moves and Ross runs back to the front.) Okay, forward - Stop! Stop! Stop!
0	Ross, just forget about it. This guy's got you totally wedged in.
4	No-no-no! It's mine! It's-it's mine. (The woman walks away.)
1	Dude, you soooo need this car.
2	(running up) Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. (She opens her coat and reveals that thing car thieves use to break into cars as Ross jumps in behind the wheel. She inserts the device, unlocks the door, opens it, and the alarm goes off.) Haul ass!!!! (Runs off.)
2	Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! (Hands her the hippity-hop.) It's for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
2	Because it's our thirtieth birthday.
2	You have your birth certificate?
0	Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
1	Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
1	(about to cry) Those two only had each other!
4	Phoebe really likes the bike huh?
0	Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
1	Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin' it by the park.
4	Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
3	Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
2	Ohh, uh-huh so much!
4	Pheebs you uh you do know how to ride a bike don't you?
0	Umm, can we see you ride it?
0	See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And there is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. (To Chandler) Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
3	(with his mouth full) What happened? I'm just eating candy.
5	Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
2	What? You mean behind my back?
5	(entering, excitedly) Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You'll never gonna believe what happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and
1	(entering from bathrooms excitedly) You guys! You guys! You're not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
5	Joey! Kinda in the middle of a story here!
1	Ooh, sorry. Sorry. You finish, go.
5	Okay, so anyway I'm sittin' in my office and guess who walks in.
1	I'm gonna be on two TV shows!
1	Oh, you weren't finished?
5	Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. (To Monica and Phoebe) It was Ralph Lauren! (Monica and Phoebe gasp) Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
1	Uh Rach, if you're gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
5	It's the same story.
1	(groans in disgust) Wow, it's really long.
1	(To Phoebe) Hey, is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
2	Oh honey no, you ate it all.
1	I was afraid of that.
0	(looking at her hand) Y'know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! (Sees Chandler sitting on the bed.) You're not getting dressed. (Chandler quietly folds over the comforter on the bed making a spot for her.)
0	Yeah, but I don't think we have time.
3	There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
0	(lustily) Let's do it! (She kisses him and they fall back onto the bed.)
0	(chasing after him) Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
3	(motioning with his hands) I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me. (Exits as Phoebe enters from her room with her guitar.)
2	Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. (Singing)
2	If you would've let me finish, it goes on to say that he's probably not gay.
3	Sure, you guys don't have this problem, you're made of wood. (Rachel comes out of the bathroom) Hey!
3	You okay over there?
2	(doesn't have any luck) Umm, is-is that because you're out of toner?
2	No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
2	Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
2	No look, I-I'm sure that people know you exist!
3	My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita! (He runs out the door, grabs the back of Rosita, and we can hear Joey and Rachel talking as they are coming up the stairs. Neither of them have reached the landing yet.)
5	You don't even know!
1	Because, I know what I like and what I don't like! It's not the same thing!
5	Well look, if you don't like this (The audience's laughter at Chandler's progress cuts out the rest of Rachel's line.)
1	I don't know why you say that so soon.
5	Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
5	Okay get your coat! (They get their coats and start to leave. Rachel suddenly stops and sticks her hand up the back of her shirt.) Oh! When did you unhook this? (Her bra.) Nice work!
1	All right, it won't go down any further. It's stuck.
1	Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
4	Yeah! Oh yeah, you'll be fine! It-it'll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y'know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won't.
1	What if I smack my head on the concrete?
4	Well, I'm not gonna lie to you Joey, it's a possibility.
1	(looks at the ground and at Ross) I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
4	Oh, all right. (Joey flips the coin.) Tails! (The coin bounces off of the landing above them and falls to the ground.) Can you-can you see what it is?
4	Okay. Well, you be careful.
1	What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
4	Well I'm not jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won't have a father if-if I die!
0	Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
4	Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan. (Does so.)
1	Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
3	Well, thank you for lunch.
5	What? Wait a minute, I didn't pay, I thought you paid!
3	So apparently we just don't pay for food anymore. (Rachel laughs then Chandler notices something.) Do you see what I see?
5	(gasps) Its still there! (The cheesecake they returned to Mrs. Braverman is still lying in front of her door.)
3	Mrs. Braverman must be out. (They move closer to it.)
5	She could be out of town. Maybe she'll be gone for months.
3	By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don't want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
5	No that could kill her.
3	Well, we don't want that.
5	No, so we're protecting her.
3	But we should take it.
5	But we should move quick.
3	Thank you Gunther, put it there. (He gets up, and shakes Gunther's hand. A bunch of coins fall out his hand. He sits down next to Monica.) Definitely not easier with coins. (Joey gets up and picks up the coins. Chandler thinks, Joey is just helping him to pick them up.) Thank you.
1	Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
1	Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
3	If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a phial of small pox to release in the hallway?
0	It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!"I mean, it is so annoying.
2	Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
0	Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
2	Maybe on some level.
5	Joey, y'know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
1	What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
2	(entering with an aquarium covered by a towel) Hey, Joey, I got you another present. (She puts it on the counter)
1	Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay, what is it?
4	Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
4	Yeah in fact, I'm gonna go call her right now. And I'll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says (He mimics the shy reaction Chandler did.)
1	Listen, sorry I didn't stop by last night but I had a date.
3	Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
1	Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
3	Really? Right across the street?
3	When'd you meet her?
3	Excellent! Y'know Ross met somebody too!
4	Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
3	(sarcastically shocked) Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
4	I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
2	It's amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
2	Oh, I love you Hexadrin! (She kisses the box.) Oh look! It comes with a story! (She pulls out the instructions and side effects paper.)
0	No Phoebe, those are like the side effects and stuff.
0	Y'know, the possible side effects.
2	Oh my God! (Starts reading them.) Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache - Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
0	Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
0	In case it happens.
1	Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani! (Holds up the piece of paper bearing the proof of his ordination.)
0	You did it! You got ordained?!
1	Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!
2	I have liver damage. Ow! Oh! (She grabs the left side of her torso.)
0	Phoebe, your liver is right here. (She points to the right side of her torso.)
2	Okay, then I must be disoriented.
4	I can handle the stick!!
3	Believe me, I've been saying that for years. Oh my God!
3	That's Mr. Garibaldi playing the piano.
3	He's coming into the audience. He's coming into the audience.
0	Relax! You'll be fine. (Chandler exhales and turns off the table light.) Oh much better. You're invisible now.
3	It can't happen like this. Okay? I'll meet you back at the hotel.
0	Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter - Uh, tress!
1	Check it out. (He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he's got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
2	Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.
1	Y'know, I'm beginning to see what Jake was talking about.
1	The silk? Feels really good!
5	(checking the speed dial) All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.
2	Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide.
5	Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
2	Did I use that already today? I'm sorry.
5	Yes okay. (Checking the speed dial again.) Well now see this isn't telling us anything. (Reading the speed dial) Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
2	Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that's one for you.
5	(showing Phoebe her phone) His new girlfriend!
3	I think it's the dying cat parade.
0	It sounds like it's coming from across the street.
3	Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
0	He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
5	Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
5	Oh my God you're amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
2	Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party. (Holds up $40.)
4	Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day, because it seemed like you didn't.
4	It's okay. Come, come on in.
4	Uh-huh. Yeah, I-I have a knack for impressions.
4	Cassie, how you-how you doin' on that hot dog.
4	Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? (She laughs) We're probably too old to do that now.
4	(looking then moving away quickly) Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I'll always remember that summer because that's when I realized that we are related.
4	Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn't mind letting you go first.
4	Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don't we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet.
4	Yeah? Hop on. (They start dancing and Mona sits down.) Is the pretty lady looking?
3	And the world will never know.
1	Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
1	No-no! No! No! You don't tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I'm a soap actor.
4	No-no, thank you Miranda.
4	Oh-oh, were you, were you watching?
4	What? Of course you can! Hop on!
4	(turning towards him) Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
4	And why exactly would I do that? (Goes back to writing on the board.)
4	Well that's different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
4	I can't believe someone would do that for a grade.
0	Have you seen Chandler?
0	'Cause I just keep thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have, and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
2	Okay, don't sweat it. (Looking around her.) Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute. (Points to a guy sitting behind Monica.)
0	Phoebe! Come on, I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
2	I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
5	I can not believe he would do that to Mon - Whoa! (She stops suddenly and slowly turns to point at Joey. Joey is avoiding her eyes.) Joey, do they know that we know?
1	They know you know.
5	Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
2	God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!
1	I couldn't even if I wanted to.
3	Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
3	Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.)
2	He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
1	(entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?!
5	Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
1	I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
2	Joey! (Examining the dress.) Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
3	Please, don't take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
4	Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.
3	Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
4	When I got married you slept with my sister.
0	Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
1	Yeah, they're not coming.
1	Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They feel a little unwanted.
0	Oh that's too bad. It's true, but too bad.
1	Look Mon, if you could just call my mom
1	Come on! Look just-just tell - let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
5	Oh, it's just not the right time.
0	(throwing up the last present) I don't know how any of these got opened?!
1	(entering) You opened them all?
0	I know! I know! I am a terrible person! I mean, Chandler is never going to trust me with anything ever again!
1	Oh hey! You got my parent's gift! (Holds it up.)
0	Yeah. What is that?
1	Well, I don't know. I think it does something to salami.
1	Yeah. What-what did Tag say?
5	Tag is not the father! And Joey knows now?
1	I do Rach. I do, and I so happy for you. (They hug.)
5	Oh wow, you didn't even try to unhook my bra!
3	I fear a jury will see it the same way!
0	Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman's breasts all the time!
3	All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if it's not your bra will you just let the woman clean the apartment?!
0	Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you'll know it's mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there's a very noticeable rip.
3	You need new clothes.
4	(happily) Oh. (Realizes then sadly) Oh. Well I uh, I brought her some bloemen. (Flowers in Dutch.)
4	Oh I don't know that it would.
2	Hey! (Jumps on the bed with him.) Can we pick up where we left off?
2	We didn't have sex.
2	(simultaneously as Eric) Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!
5	I know Mona, just hear me out. First of all, I'm so sorry about my father yelling at you, but I heard you totally held your own. You're gonna have to tell me how you did that.
5	Oh we just - we drove each other crazy!
5	I mean he was possessive, he was jealous, he could never just let the little things go!
4	Trying to date this woman.
5	Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how gentle and thoughtful he is. (Rubbing his shoulder.)
4	Probably shouldn't touch me.
5	I know, I get it, but Mona, what relationship is not complicated? I mean we all have our baggage! You must too! Why else would you still be single? (Mona looks at her.) I am so gonna leave right now. (Ross opens the door for her and she leaves.)
4	Should I leave this open for you too?
4	Because what's going on with Rachel has nothing to do with how I feel about you.
3	Nope! I can do this all day.
4	Yeah? Me too. (Pause) Gettin' a little tired though.
3	God, I'm exhausted.
4	Look this is starting to look really bad for me. Okay? Mona, Mona's standing right over there. (Looks behind him.) Oh God, she's talking to Joey! You gotta let me win!
3	No way! If anything you've gotta let me win! My wife thinks I'm a wimp!
4	Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin' people up! And I'm dressed as doody.
4	Come on, who are we kidding? I'm doody. Please? She's watchin'.
1	(to her) You're a weird lady.
2	Sure it does. Yeah, yeah.
2	Umm listen, I don't think I don't think I'm gonna make it to the wedding. So I just want to wish you all the luck in the world.
2	Okay I can't let you do this! She's lying to you.
5	(on tape) I screwed up so bad, I told Monica that I would stuff and send all these wedding invitations like weeks ago and I-I
4	(on tape) You didn't do it?
5	(on tape) I-I know - I had put them in in-in my desk at work and I completely forgot about them until today.
0	(taking Rachel's hand) Sweetie okay. It's okay. Everybody made it to the wedding. I'm fine.
5	Kinda hurtin' my hand though.
5	(on tape) (Ross hands her a glass of wine) I cannot believe that I did this. Especially after Monica just went on and on and on about it! (Mimicking Monica) "Okay Rachel! Here are the invitations Rachel! Now be very careful Rachel! Please, drinking no liquids around the invitations Rachel!"(She tilts her wine glass above and moves it back and forth across the invitations) Whoa oh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh oh-oh-oh
4	(pause) Not on the ones we sent out.
3	So, just the ones gave back to us and we had framed! (Slams the framed invitation down onto the table.)
5	(on tape) Can you believe this is already happening? I mean it seems like yesterday they just got engaged.
4	(on tape) I know. Hey remember remember the night they got engaged? How uh, you and I almost
5	(on tape) Oh, I remember how we almost. Do you think we would've gone through with it? Y'know, if we hadn't gotten caught. Do you think we would've done it?
4	What? Oh yeah. (He moves next to her head.) I'm sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I (Wanders towards Rachel's feet) really - I should have been thinking about you Rach
5	Okay. Head Ross! Head Ross! Head Ross!
4	Right! Right! I just - I want you to know that I'm going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor's appointments, the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-proofing the apartment - Although we could probably worry about that 'til after we get married.
4	Well yeah, I think we should get married.
5	What, because that's your answer to everything?
4	No, because that's the right thing to do.
5	Yeah, maybe if you're in love. But Ross, we are not in love, are we?
4	No but but still you can't possibly do this alone.
4	Come on Rach, you can't even eat alone in a restaurant.
4	I'm just saying if you can't eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?
5	I can too eat by myself!
4	When have you ever?
5	When certain people leave the table and I am not finished!
3	Yes, I believe we can expect a call from the President any moment now.
2	Is there anything we can do for you?
1	No just, nobody press on my stomach.
5	You can keep those pants by the way.
1	Whoa - hey - wh-wh-what do you got there? What is that? Pie?
0	Yeah, you want some?
1	Ah, just cut me a little sliver. (Monica prepares to cut a little sliver.) A little bigger. (Monica prepares to cut a bigger piece.) Little bigger. (Monica moves the knife again.) What?! Are you afraid you're gonna run out?! Cut me a real piece!
5	Oh no, Baby Girl Geller-Green.
2	Oh, she's so beautiful.
0	Oh my God! She's amazing. Oh, oh I'm so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
3	It's incredible, I mean one minute she's inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
1	(taking the baby) She looks so real! (The gang looks at him.) Y'know what I mean! She's this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and uh-oh.
1	Oh no-no, no for I second there I counted six fingers, but one was from the other hand so we're good.
2	Okay, my turn. My turn. (Joey hands her to Phoebe.) Oh! You're so cute! Oh, I could squeeze your little head! (Pause) I won't.
5	Oh nothing I Sorry, I just can't stop crying.
4	The doctor says it's completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you're sleep deprived.
5	So? You guys are all sleep deprived. I don't see you weeping because you put your slippers on the wrong feet. Oh God. (Starts to cry harder.)
1	What's the matter now?
3	Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
0	Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
3	No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive (Thinks a little while.) Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
0	What are you doing?
3	Well, let's see (Finding the picture he wants.) Okay uh, is that her? (Pointing to the picture.)
0	Oh my God yes! Who is she?
3	Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
0	Did you break up with her?
3	(pause) No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
3	Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow
3	I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow "
0	You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
3	Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
5	Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
5	Oh yeah. All right, back to work.
5	Yeah Melissa, I don't want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.
0	Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
0	Yeah! (They turn to the camera, and Chandler does The Face again.) All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
5	Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
1	Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. (Removes his hand to reveal a huge sauce stain.) You got an extra one?
5	Yeah, sure. Umm here. (Hands him one.)
5	Yeah, I don't think so Joe.
1	All right, I guess this will be fine.
1	What the hell is in there?
2	It's just my knitting that's all! (A dog sticks its head out of Phoebe's bag. Everyone looks puzzled.) Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
0	Ross's apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
3	I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
3	Which smells delicious!
0	We left Joey alone with the food! (Walks towards the window and looks out) Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
2	(answering the phone) Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
0	Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
2	I'm sorry, who's this?
0	Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!
3	Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
2	No, there's no dog here?
0	Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and [Cut to Monica's apartment] he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
2	Oh my god! Where are you? (Looks around.)
0	I'll be right there!
1	Yeah. I'll uh, I'll call ya.
5	Oh and I'll call ya too!
1	(to Erin) Okay, good to see you again.
1	So, system kinda broke down huh?!
5	Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I
2	We want you to marry her!
2	She is so amazing! You have no idea.
1	No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
2	Joey, she's so cool. She speaks four languages.
5	Look Joey, come on, she's so perfect for you! I mean, she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
1	My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just - I don't see it going anywhere.
2	Yeah, but you always say that.
4	You're not a lefty?
3	Does anybody know me?!
0	What's wrong Phoebe?
4	Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
3	Don't worry about it Pheebs.
4	No one got me an engagement present.
2	Okay, here I wish you health and happiness. (She hands Monica a cookie in a plastic baggie.)
0	(To Chandler) This is what happens when you don't register for gifts!
2	See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
3	We can't accept this.
0	No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
0	Yeah! I bet I can do it.
3	Okay, we owe you a present.
4	Two! I've been engaged twice!
1	Where do you think, (pause) Zelda?
5	(gasps) You found my book?!
5	Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
1	Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
5	Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing wrong with a woman enjoying a little erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand. (She goes into her room.)
4	Uh no-no, she-she's out for the night.
4	Can I, can I help you with something?
5	Oh it's all right. I'm guess I'm just done with the whole dating thing. It's one more thing in my life that's suddenly completely different. This is hard.
4	Yeah I know. (Pause) On the other hand in um, in about seven months you're gonna have something that you're gonna love more than any guy you've ever gone out with. Just wait. Wait until uh, wait until the first time your baby grabs your finger. You have no idea.
4	You wanna, you wanna grab some coffee?
5	Oh no, I think I'm gonna go home and eat ten candy bars.
4	Hey, I thought I cheered you up.
5	Oh you did, there are twenty in here.
4	Wow! Uh how are you?
4	Oh that's right. Well uh, would you be interested in seeing a Ukrainian film?
2	I didn't do it! It was Chandler! He's He's mad at you!
2	Please, I think you know why.
4	I can't think of anything.
2	Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.
4	Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
2	Do you think that's something that he'd be mad at you for?
2	Well then I think that's it.
4	Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
2	Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
5	Yeah that's great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.
5	Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
4	God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!
2	Great! Okay then it's just us girls!
5	So what-what is the exhibit.
2	It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
1	Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
4	Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.
0	I mean think about all the money that you're gonna make!
0	Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
4	No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
5	I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.
4	Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need - he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and
4	Really? That okay, that's great.
1	(sees Rachel) Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
5	Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
1	Whoa, I didn't know we could date your sister!
0	Joey we know you steal our food.
0	(To Rachel) Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
5	Yeah. And y'know who should've shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.
1	I can't believe Ross went out with Rachel's sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
3	That was like 5 years ago.
1	Yeah you got 5 years left!
4	Hey, remember when I had a monkey?
4	Yeah, what, what was I thinking?
1	(he's just picked up their bill) Hey! So, what's with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
3	Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
1	Y'know what's more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y'know what's even more generous than that?!!
3	I see where you're goin'!
1	Okay. Hey uh, when do I get to meet the robot?
1	Oh wow! He's so lifelike! (Starts touching the guy's cheeks) Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy's ears.
1	(slaps Wayne on his cheek) How do you do there, Wayne? (Backs away.)
1	Okay. Sorry about that (Mimics that cheek thing he just did.) Uh, so where's C.H.E.E.S.E.?
1	(laughs) This is like the temporary robot, right?
1	Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y'know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
1	I'm sorry, it just - I don't know it doesn't really look like it can do anything.
4	It-it's great to meet you Paul.
4	Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.
4	Besides, there's a big age difference.
1	Oh, well think of it like this, when you're 90
4	I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
1	No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
1	Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
3	Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
2	What's a Movement class?
0	It's Chandler's way of pretending he didn't take mime.
1	Oh well listen, anyway she's directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
3	Oh, I don't know man. I haven't talked to her in like ten years.
1	Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
3	Oh okay, I'll-I'll try.
1	All right! Thanks! You're the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
1	(angrily) Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
2	(interrupting) No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.
1	Yeah, I thought I was pretty good too.
2	Oh yeah, you're solid. Yeah, you're just no me.
1	Y'know what? I think that's enough for now. Yeah. I don't want to be over rehearsed.
3	(To Joey) So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
1	Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac."Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
5	So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
1	That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
1	Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
3	Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
1	I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
5	Joey, what are you talking about? You're a terrific actor.
1	You really think so?
5	Ugh, how can you even ask that question?!
5	Do you guys know any cute guys?
3	Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. (Pats Joey's arm, Joey pats Chandler's shoulder, and Chandler motions for Joey to say the same about him.)
1	Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
5	Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go
0	What's the charity?
5	I don't know, something either trees or disease - Ralph mumbles a lot.
0	Does Ralph mumble when you're not paying attention?
5	Yeah! It's weird. But the thing is need to find a date.
2	Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
3	So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
4	Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.
3	(laughs) Isn't she cute? (On Monica's death stare) No!
2	Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
4	(scared) I will, I will find him.
1	Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
1	Picture? What picture?
1	Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff
1	But you're spittin' all over me man!
2	Do you have my birth certificate?
2	(reading the certificate) Oh my God! Oh my God, we are 31.
2	I just lost a whole year of my life.
2	Your middle name is Pamela?
2	Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
2	That's my first name.
3	Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
3	See? (Does his laugh.) Here we go. (Starts walking her to their room, and has to pass in front of Mr. Geller who's sitting at the table and Mrs. Geller who's standing next to him.)
3	Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. (Monica stumbles on the steps.) Okay, (catches her) you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing fine.
2	Hey, what's going on?
3	Monica's a little drunk.
3	(To Monica) Go change! (To Phoebe) She doesn't want her parents to know she's drunk.
3	Absolutely! Y'know, because tushie can mean both ass and good worker.
5	Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
1	That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this? (He shows her what he's been drawing.)
3	What is the matter with you?
1	Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
0	I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? (Points to her new sign.) Rules are rules.
0	No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
0	Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
1	(watching the discussion) Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
3	Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
0	(still talking to the woman) All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
0	(closing the door) It's unbelievable! I-I can't believe that sign didn't work!
5	(ignoring him) Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
0	Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
1	Well, these really are the days of our lives.
5	I got - I get a big pay raise!
1	I'll be playing Drake Ramoray's twin brother, Stryker!
5	I get to hire my own assistant!
1	(jumps up) Well - I got a head rush from standing up too fast right there.
5	(reading the resume) And you were at this job for four years?
5	Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
5	No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in, it was nice to meet you.
5	I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm No, y'know what? Never mind, I'm gonna be fine.
3	Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
4	Wow! Happy Monica's night!
5	Well thank you, you too.
5	Hey, do you believe this? Do you believe they are actually getting married?
4	Well sure. But I get married all the time so
5	Yeah, I guess. I-I I mean, do-do you think we're ever gonna have that?
4	You mean, we - you and me?
5	Oh no-no-no-no-no, no, no! We, you with someone and me with someone.
4	Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
4	I mean - no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. (Screams.) No, but there was some good times.
5	No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm
4	Surely you can think of something good.
1	Francette? What is she? A couch?
1	Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
5	Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the healing process?
1	Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so sad, and kinda cool. (He goes to remove the back, but it doesn't come off. So he sits down in it, puts his feet up, stands up, and looks back at it.) She's healed!
1	No it's not weird, it's a miracle!
5	It's not a miracle Joey! I'm sure there's some explanation.
1	Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
5	Joey, I really don't
1	(interrupting her) Can you tell me how this happened?
5	No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
1	Someone like an angel?
5	That's right Joey, the chair angel came in and healed your chair. (She sits down in the chair.)
1	(angrily) Get your non-believer ass outta my chair! (She gets up and heads for her room.)
4	Dad, that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all hers is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
1	Well all right so, it looks like we're even!
0	Okay, here's your milk. What do you want to talk about? (She sees that Chandler has fallen asleep and slams the door loudly to wake him up.)
3	(startled) What? What? What?
0	Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here. (Hands the mug of milk to him.)
5	Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
5	I don't know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It's not a perfect world! Just go please.
5	Thank you. (He leaves and she proceeds to plant the folder in his bottom drawer. She then picks up the phone and holds it to her breasts.) Hello? (Hangs up the phone.) I still don't get it.
5	Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.
3	Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! (Rachel grabs the cheesecake and they take off upstairs.)
2	(gasps) (whispering) Oh my God! That's David!
2	David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
2	Oh, you say someone's name enough, they turn around.
2	David! (He kisses her cheek) What-what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in Russia?
2	Well Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
2	Well, of course I would want to see you. I I think about you all the time.
2	It's a tarantula! (Joey almost falls down from his drum-stool jumping up) Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
5	What are you talking about? I love them! (Looks into the cage) Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
1	Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey! (He storms into his room)
5	Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
2	(sarcastic) Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here. (She turns around, about to leave)
5	What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
2	Our apartment is ready.
5	And that makes you angry because
2	Because you would rather live here with Joey.
5	Where did you get that?
2	Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
1	Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not too worried about it.
4	Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. (Chandler laughs.) I mean that doofus is going to lose!
3	So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. (He gets up and Joey moves over next to Ross.) Oh uh, by the way, what's the name of the girl you're dating?
4	Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.
1	Obviously! So, how do we decide?
4	Well now let's-let's look at this objectively, I think I should date her
4	That's interesting, but check this out. I date her
1	Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction
4	Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
1	Yeah well we should order some food then.
1	(smiling) That sounds fair.
4	Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street
1	Ah yeah - wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
4	Well sorry, that's what I do on dates.
1	All right, well I guess I'll just have to do what I do on dates.
1	Anyway, I started working on what I'm going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
1	Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so (Starts to read the piece of paper he brought.) "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share."(Monica and Chandler like it so far.) Eh? (He continues reading.) "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving."(Phoebe nods her approval.) "We too can share and love and have and receive."
3	(To Monica) Should we call the spitter?
5	Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
5	I'd love that. I would loooove (Carol goes to make the coffee and she sits down.) So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
5	I found him! (To Ben) Very funny, come here! (She sits down on the coffee table and Ben walks up.) That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
1	Yeah! And-and things aren't as smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
1	Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men's underwear!
1	Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
1	Pantyhose! Y'know? The way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here (He mimed that and stops when he realizes he went too far.) I should go take these off shouldn't I?
2	I think it's important that you do.
3	(resigning himself to his fate) Chandler. (He quickly sits down.)
3	Oh, they're a hoot.
5	And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
5	And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?!
2	Ooh, now you lost me.
5	You stole the phone!
5	No? So you're saying that if I called it, it wouldn't ring?
2	No. Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. (Rachel dials her phone and Phoebe's bag starts to ring.) Oh, it does work! (Rachel grabs the phone and takes it out of Phoebe's handbag.)
2	That is a different phone.
5	Oh is it?! (She answers the cute guy's phone.) Uhh, hello? (On her phone) Yes hi, is Rachel there? (On the other phone) Yes she is, just one moment please. (To Phoebe, holding out both phones.) It's for me!
2	That is damning evidence.
5	Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh (In a sexy voice) Hello? Or should I be (Happily) Hi! It's Rach (Phoebe knocks the phone out of Rachel's hand, catches it, and answers it.) Would you stop doing that?!
2	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
5	Phoebe! You can't do th
2	(To Rachel) Shhh! I'm on a call! (On phone) Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. (Listens) Okay, well okay I'll see you then. (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up.)
5	You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
2	Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
4	Well I'm, I'm a little slow. (To himself) Just as our children would be.
2	How are you? (The woman nods) Good. (She goes over to another couple of women.) Hi, thanks for coming.
2	Thank you. (To the other woman) No? (She nods.) All right. (She goes to another pairing.) Oh, it's so nice to see you.
2	Who the hell are all these people?
5	Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
2	Hmm, y'know there's another word for people like that: Losers!
5	(to her) Hi! I'm Rachel. This is Phoebe. I'm the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
5	(to the woman) Excuse us for a minute. (They go into the kitchen.) You didn't tell her to come?!
4	I am so gonna score.
1	(clinks his glass) I'd like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, (overly angry) "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!"But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I'm sorry. And-and some scared memories - Whoa! (He jumps back, startled.) Eh? And then, and then I realized I'll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away, but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple!
4	(to the second girl) That was very nice Ashley.
4	Oh, you-you sure? (She nods yes.) Okay. (To the girl) Okay. So what's uh, what's your name.
4	That's, that's pretty. (They start to dance and Gert tries to step on Ross's feet, but he pulls them out of harm's way.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?
4	Okay. (Swallows hard.) Hop on Gert. (She does and Ross winces in pain.)
2	Because you're marrying him!
0	You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
0	So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
2	That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
0	Your mother told you this?
0	The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
2	Oh my God! You're right! Go! (Monica starts to leave.) Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! (Monica stops.) Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love? (Monica is shocked.)
5	I cannot believe I'm gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
1	Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
5	Okay, I'm totally cool! (She coolly knocks on the door)
1	Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
1	Uh listen, here's your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to her.)
1	Well, that-that-that's it? You're gonna, you're gonna put it on your shelf or anything?
1	It's not my first time.
0	You go back out there, and you seduce her till she cracks!
3	Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
3	Oh, you're-you're going?
2	Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.
3	(swallowing hard) It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy we're gonna have all the sex.
2	You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.
3	Not if I kiss you first.
3	Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
2	Here it comes. Our first kiss.
3	Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
3	Because I'm in love with Monica!!
2	You're-you're what?!
3	Love her! That's right, I LOVE HER!!! I love her!! (They walk together and hug.) I love you, Monica.
1	Is it her fault that some of them didn't make it to you?
0	Well, what am I going to say?
0	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? (Listens) Hi, this is Monica Geller. (Listens) Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! (Joey nods his approval.) (Listens) T-Tell me about it! (Listens) Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! (Listens) What, are they Irish?! (Joey gives her a thumbs up.)
5	Oh. Oh, that's great!
2	Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
2	Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
5	(changing the subject) Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
5	Remember?! We - come on, we both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops
5	we went back to the house and we got really silly and we we made out.
0	So are you ever gonna tell whoever it is?
5	No, I will. I'm just not up for it tonight.
1	Hey Rach listen, no matter what this guy says I want you to know you're not gonna be alone in this.
1	Listen I uh (He takes her hand.) It's a scary world out there especially if you're a single mom. Y'know, I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond. Y'know? So, (gets down on one knee again) Rachel Green will you marry me?
1	Pheebs, give me the ring back!
5	No! Joey, oh you're so sweet. You're so-so sweet, honey. But I'm not, I'm not looking for a husband.
5	Now, if you will excuse me I am going to go and lie down. (Exits.)
2	I can't say that didn't hurt. But I'll take you back Joey Tribbiani.
1	Uh yeah. Pheebs, listen about that. I only offered
2	Ooh! A Salami Buddy!
0	Great! We're hangin' in the kitchen! (She drags him into the kitchen and turns his back to the living room) Let's stay in the kitchen!
4	Now you are going to love these.
0	Wow! That is a great picture!
2	You-you you had sex with Ursula?!
2	You didn't notice she was wearing different clothes?!
2	Oh. Ew! Ew! Ew! Ugh! Y'know what? This is too weird.
2	So I guess this is it.
3	I'm leaning. This is where I lean.
4	I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel's father. Look I I made a mistake, but it's only because I really, really like you. Really!
5	(entering) Forgot my purse! (Sees them kissing.) Oh, you guys made up. (To Mona) He's a good kisser isn't he? (Ross goes to close the door on her.) I'm going! (Quickly leaves and Ross locks the door.)
0	I swear I didn't know she was a hooker! I mean wh - Did you let her smoke in here?
3	Her ass print is still on your grandmother's quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?
0	Y'know what? I'm gonna make this up to you. I promised you a stripper (turns on the radio), and you're gonna get a stripper. (She starts to strip.)
0	Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I'll take them off. (Goes to do so.)
3	Could you not narrate?
2	(entering, quietly) Wow, you told your dad the truth.
2	Wanna go see a movie?
5	Yes! (She gets up and sets the phone on the counter without hanging it up.) Bye daddy. (Phoebe and her leave.)
1	(on phone) Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions! (Listens) What gives you the right to (Listens) Go to hell! (Hangs up the phone and opens the fridge.) Stupid guy on my phone.
2	She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me. (She grabs Ursula's purse and starts going through it and finds some papers.) Okay. Okay. Yeah - Not a prayer chain, but what looks like a detailed drawing of a bank floor plan. (Holds up her nametag.) Okay, here's the nametag from the restaurant where she works as a waitress! Not a teacher, a waitress. All right, here's her driver license, this oughta be good, she always lies about this. How old did she say she was?
2	Oh, I almost don't want to show this. (Hands it to him.) Just remember I'm a minute younger.
2	No. You're not, you're not stupid.
2	That's good, you should be impulsive and you should be romantic. Just you did it with the wrong person. (He looks at her.) What?
2	Yeah, you should. (They shake hands.)
5	Hey! Well, I had to give the kid fifty bucks to stop crying.
1	Come on! You're good with kids. They're just crazy on Halloween. Y'know, they're all greedy and hopped up on sugar!
4	(on tape) I mean I I know I wanted to. I just, I just wasn't sure if you wanted to.
4	(on tape) So we we both wanted to.
4	(on tape) Yeah. (Pause) Anyway umm, it probably worked out for the best.
5	Okay, in about ten seconds you're gonna see him kiss me.
4	And in about five seconds you're gonna see why.
5	(on tape) Ross did I ever tell you about the time that I went backpacking through Western Europe?
5	Okay, get ready to see some beggin'!
2	Oh, you came on to Ross!
5	What are you talking about?!
0	You used the Europe story!
3	That's the magic story you use when you wanna have sex!
5	How do you know about that story?!
4	Well certain other people take two hours to eat a bowl of soup!
5	Oh please, you inhale your food!
4	I grew up with Monica! If you didn't eat fast you didn't eat!!
5	Oh no Dr. Long, please come in. This is Ross, he is the father.
4	But not the husband, because evidently she can do this alone.
4	(To Rachel, standing by her feet) I don't know why you can't admit that you need me.
5	I do need you! I need you to stand near my head!
5	Wow. There it is, I see it.
4	Pretty amazing huh?
4	You-you just said that you did!
5	I know, I lied! I didn't want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can't even see my own baby!
4	Oh sure, come here! (Sits her up) Sure you can! Uh, look come here look, (rolls the machine closer) it's-it's-it's, it's right there (Points).
5	Oh. Oh, it's beautiful. I see it now.
3	So, do you know what you're gonna call her yet?
2	Oh, wait a minute it's not gonna be Baby Girl? I thought that was so original!
4	Uh actually, we-we've narrowed it down to two names.
5	Yeah, and y'know what? I love them both, so why don't you just pick one and that'll be it.
4	Wow! Umm, okay uh everyone this is Isabella. (Rachel starts crying.) What?
5	That's not her name! I'm sorry, she just doesn't feel like an Isabella.
3	So then I guess Ferdinad is out.
1	What was the other one Ross?
5	Oh great! Suddenly she sounds like a biblical whore.
4	So I guess we're back to uh, Baby Girl.
5	Well what are we going to do?
0	It's okay honey, you'll find a name.
4	Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.
0	Yeah, I've had them picked out since I was fourteen.
0	Well, apparently she does.
3	Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. (Monica is not amused by that statement.) Seriously, good luck marrying me.
1	Hey! What's going on?
5	Phoebe is gonna be Monica's maid of honor!
1	Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember? (Phoebe glares at him.)
2	See? This is exactly why you shouldn't lie!
2	Because I cared enough to lie!
1	Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
2	What are you talking about?
1	Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I'm the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
2	Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
1	Oh uh, me and Ross can be the judges.
2	(To Rachel) Well, it's better than us deciding.
5	Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can't we just flip a coin?!
5	Okay. Okay fine, y'know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. (Ross enters.) (In a sexy voice.) Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
5	Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?
5	How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I'll pay.
1	Huh, Rach I got to say it's gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
1	Really? 'Cause I could kinda use the money.
5	Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
1	Sure, no problem. (Sees something.) Ooh - Hey, donuts!
0	That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
4	I like this one. (Points to it.) It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
0	They can't all be bad. (To Chandler) Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
3	Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
2	(Phoebe hangs up and someone knocks on the door. She gasps.) They're here already? How are they doing this?
5	(gets up and opens the door) Hi Tag! What are you doing here?
5	Well, sure! Come in! (He enters) Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?
3	Huh! Where is the dog?!
4	What dog? There-there's no dog here.
1	Yeah that dog left!
0	(walks to Phoebe's door) Phoebe! Phoebe, open up!
2	There's no dog in here.
3	Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
2	No that's just me coughing! (Doing some weird coughing noises and the dog barks again. Phoebe comes out of the room.) Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
3	What is it doing here?
2	Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. (She bends down, picks up the dog, and waves with one of its paws) Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
5	Yeah, maybe if you gave this girl a chance it would go somewhere.
1	Look, I'm sorry you guys, I-I just don't think so.
1	Hey, don't start judging me! (To Rachel) Huh? You're the one who's in love with her assistant! (To Phoebe) Huh? And you, you're the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
4	People are doing it in front of my book!
4	My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
5	Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
4	Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
5	Yeah, there was. It was - there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read - Yes, there was.
4	Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it's like uh-a thing!
1	Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
4	Oh for cryin' out loud! (He storms out.)
1	All right, so we should go catch our movie.
5	Well now what's the rush?
1	I like to see the previews. (Rachel looks at him.) The candy.
5	Well look who's here!
1	(drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
1	What are they doing out here? The coast's all the way over there. (Points to the coast, meanwhile there is coast behind him.)
5	Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
5	Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
1	Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there (Points) where that boatload of girls is! (Yelling to them) Yo-ho-ho!
5	Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, (grabs some of the rigging) what's this called?
5	Wrong! How do you get the mainsail up?
5	No. What do you do if I say we are coming about?
1	I'd say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh
5	Time's up, now you're dead.
3	Oh yeah, I should probably call them.
3	Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
0	Oh dad, really you don't need to
3	What a sweet story.
0	Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
0	Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. (She and Chandler laugh, but her parents don't.) What?
0	What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don't you?
0	I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
0	You bought the beach house when I was 23!
0	What about when I started dating Chandler?
3	Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal. (Starts to make up for lost time and takes a big swig of his drink.)
4	Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. (He does so, very gingerly.) Ohh, that's soft. (He starts poking him and notices his salad spoons and starts to massage him with those.)
0	I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
4	Sure! Uh, let me get it for ya.
3	(entering) Bob. Bob! Bob!!! (He turns around) What the hell are you doing?!
5	Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what - (Puts her hands on his shoulders) - Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
5	No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
5	Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
5	Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
5	All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
5	That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go. (Gets up to leave, but Paul doesn't move.)
5	Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!
2	No! Barry and Mindy.
5	Yeah? Well, you should know. You've bought like a billion of 'em.
4	Yeah, you didn't get one.
3	Okay, well tonight's the big night.
1	Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
3	It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
1	That sounds perfect!
1	You're gonna mess it up let me do it.
3	I'm not gonna mess it up.
2	If she says no, can I have the ring?
3	She's not gonna say no.
2	(To Chandler) We're practically kissing. (Makes a kissy face and winks at him.)
5	Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
1	Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's (pauses to figure the total) $12.75.
3	This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
1	Oh that's on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
1	Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him - He says it's okay. (She hands him her card.) Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
4	Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
1	It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
5	Wait a minute, you're only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?
4	Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
0	That didn't work on mom, it's not going to work on us.
3	That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
3	I made that joke up.
4	Uh, oh-oh, no you didn't. I did.
1	Listen, do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?
0	Honey, we have been through this before!
5	Yeah. Don't do this to yourself.
2	She's made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.
1	Well all right then, I guess I shouldn't get to excited about the fact (excitedly) that I just kissed her!
2	Yeah well, we'll see.
4	All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
4	But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
4	Ohh! A man with a plan!
2	Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
2	(gasps) Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. (Giggles) Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
1	Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! (The dry cleaner doesn't remember) Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? (Holds his picture up in front of his face.) Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show.
1	Oh well, it's not on TV yet.
1	Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh? (Walks away)
2	So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet?
0	Oh, I love museums!
0	Soakin' up all the culture.
0	Where do you want to start?
5	Ooh, the gift shop!
1	You wanna make it 6?!
5	Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!
5	(to Gunther) I'll take a coffee. (To Ross) So how was your big date last night?
4	Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.
5	Yeah fun? Great! So uh, so did you guys hit it off?
4	No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
4	Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
5	Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
4	Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
5	She asked-asked you out again?
4	Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
5	Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
4	What's up with the greed Joe?
1	All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth - Why did I do that?! (Hits himself in the head.)
4	Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
2	Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this (she sticks her chest out and shakes it) goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
4	Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
1	Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
3	(reminiscing) Ah, finally an explanation.
1	No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. (To Ross) I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? (Ross nods his head.) Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
1	Well, where was I? (Takes a sip of the coffee.)
4	That's funny. Umm . (Pause, then serious) It's not funny.
4	Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
4	And the Irish guy wins the joke!
0	How crazy that we'd run into you!
4	Oh God, thank you! (Runs and gives all of them a group hug.) Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
2	You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
0	(obviously attracted to him) Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
3	There's a Mr. Bing!
5	(entering from the bathroom) Hey Mon? I'm gonna check my messages.
3	You just thought of that in there?
0	Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.
5	(on phone) Hello? (Shocked that someone answered.) Uh, Rachel. (To the gang.) Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!
0	You're on the phone!
5	(on phone) Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! (Hangs up) That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!
2	Oh my God! How bad was it?
5	Well, he didn't say, but it was a fire. I'm guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!
3	What are you smiling about? What is so funny?
1	The part I want to audition for is a fireman, this is so meant to be!
4	Oh thank you. Thanks very much. (Leans up against the board and on a thumbtack.) Ow! (He pulls away.)
4	Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
4	Oh! So-so seriously, what time?
2	Coming through! (Has to dodge a fireman) Oh! Coming through! (Sees a cute one.) Oh! Hello! Hi! (Smiles then realizes) No! Right! Coming through!
3	Whoa, she's pretty. (Mentioning the girl on TV)
1	Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
1	It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this. (Does this intense look where it looks like he's smelling a fart.)
1	(on stage in an Austrian accent) Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
4	So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?
1	All right well, I'm outta here. Wish me luck.
3	Oh, are we playing this?!
3	Hey! How'd the audition go?
4	Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
1	Yeah, did I fool ya?
4	Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house. (He winks at her.)
4	Oh that is quite all right ma'am. (Elizabeth exits.)
3	So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
4	Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
3	Oh, tell her good luck with that.
4	Anyone else? Huh? Bring 'em on!
5	Oo! When's her birthday?!
4	I don't know Rachel, why?
0	Oh, I like Elizabeth.
1	Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
4	Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
1	(wiping face) Wow! Didn't know that.
1	Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! (Reading from the script) Picture? What picture? (He pauses then spits) Eh?
4	Gunther have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
4	Yes. Yes. Don't worry. Everything's fine. We'll uh, we'll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
4	Well then, we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. (Walks away slowly, but notices something.) Mom?! Dad?! (They're sitting by the window.) What-what what you guys doing here?!
4	What? Your-your list?
4	Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I'm looking for him?
2	Ohh! All right! All right. Here's what we'll do, I'll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one will even notice her.
5	What's-what's going on? Phil's really pissed!
4	Maybe that will liven up this party.
3	(To Rachel) Okay, will you just go help her change please!
5	Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
5	(opening it) A scooter! (She's not happy.)
4	(to Tag) Stick to the list. Always stick to the list.
5	No! No-no, I love it. Thank you. (Kisses him.)
3	Okay, open ours next. Open ours next!
1	Now that you're a couple, we don't get two presents from you guys?
5	Okay. (Opens the card and reads it.) Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill (starting to cry) then buried under it. (Breaks down as everyone glares at them.) All our love Monica and Chandler. (Crying) That's funny, yeah!
3	No-no-no-no! That was the joke!
5	(crying) No, I know! I get it! It's funny!
3	No, because you're not a grandmother!
3	Y'know what would work?
3	You mean they like you.
3	Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
0	Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man? (Joey laughs but stops when Chandler turns to glare at him.)
4	Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready Set
2	(hopping off the bike) Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat - or a beanbag chair!
4	Well In-in case of emergency.
2	What kind of an emergency?
4	Well let there - what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh I'll shoot you."
2	Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
4	Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and - Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
5	All right. (Hilda exits) I'm a total pro!
5	(seeing him) Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I'm sorry the models are actually down the hall.
5	Really?! (Taking his resume) Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what's - what is - what's your name?
5	That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here. (Looking at his resume)
5	Okay, hold on just a second. (She grabs a camera out of the desk and takes his picture.) I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
3	No-no-no-no. (Waves him away as Monica and Phoebe enter whispering to each other.) Hey! (Monica shushes him.)
2	(To Monica) Anyway, I should go. Okay, bye.
5	Yeah, just give me a minute! (Thinking) Oh well, yes, I can think of one good thing.
5	Well you uh, you were always really good at the uh, at the uh the stuff.
4	Yeah? I was good at the stuff huh?
5	Uh-hmm, uh-hmm, yeah, yeah, I really liked your hands.
4	(to his hands) Way to go guys. Y'know, you-you were really good at the stuff too.
5	Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? (Ross looks at her.) Oh no, not that. (Ross nods okay.) We uh, we never had a bonus night!
5	Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
4	One night, just-just sex. No strings attached?
5	Yeah-yeah, we never had that,
4	Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really don't.
3	(putting his hands up) Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
3	Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
1	Come on man, really how old?!
3	Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
4	Well, can you blame her?
4	Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
4	Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in there.
4	Like uh y'know like this! This! (He picks up one of those art projects that kids make in kindergarten and first grade.) She-she could've made this!
4	Right? And this! (He picks up a trophy) She-she could've won this!
4	Sure! Ooh-ooh, what about this?
5	(grabbing a beer out of the chair's fridge) I am so psyched I kept this chair for myself!
5	Hey, how's how's the uh, miracle chair?
5	Yeah? Wow! Y'know, that this thing has speakers in the headrest!
1	(quietly) My chair heals itself.
2	Earl, you're not hearing me! All I'm saying is that you're not alone, alright? Everybody hates the people they work with! (One of her coworkers overhears that, and she mimes that she didn't mean him.)
2	Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
0	Are you still awake?
0	You do know that was me who just said that right? (He doesn't respond and she turns on the light, waking him.) Hey. As long as we're both up
3	(intrigued) Yeah? (Monica nods yes.) I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
1	Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?"Both! Always order both!
4	(looking in the window behind them) Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
1	Yeah? Really? No one's home?
4	I don't think so. Hello? (Knocks on the glass, which angers the big, large, angry dog behind the glass and causes them to jump to the other side of the landing.) When you get in there (Joey nods his disapproval.)
2	Okay, this is where you and I part ways. (She drops the blanket into the chute.) Noisy bitch!
0	What?! What are you doing?!
3	Do you know what just happened?
0	Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
0	Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked my world! (She turns out the light to go back to sleep.)
0	Okay. Okay, I'm ready. Come on big fella!
2	I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
0	Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
0	What are you doing?
2	Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
0	So! He'll understand!
2	No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
0	God, you are so strong.
2	Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
5	(taking a bite) Oh my God! That is so good!
3	I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
1	(seeing what they're doing) What do you got there?
5	Oh it's umm, it's tofu cake. Do you want some? (He makes a disgusted noise and heads for his room, Chandler follows him in.)
3	What are you doing tonight?
5	Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
5	It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
2	Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here
5	Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
2	We did have fun, didn't we?
2	Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
5	Oh, I would love to!
5	Good, good, good, good, good. (She runs to the drums and gets the sticks)
2	Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
5	(with the sticks in her hands) Um... (She goes to the tarantula-cage and puts the sticks into it) Done!
4	So let's decide on the spending limit
1	Yeah. Uh, (thinks) a slice (Thinks) six dollars?
4	I was thinking more like a hundred.
1	Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
2	I know. Hand me a tissue. (Monica hands her one.)
0	Hello? (Listens) What?! (Listens) You what?! (Listens) Hey you listen here missy! (Listens) Wh - (She is hung up on.)
0	That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
2	(gasps) Does that mean Carcass is available?
2	Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
5	You're out of toilet paper!
1	I just wanted to come by and y'know, wish you good luck on your date.
1	Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
4	We have 8:00 reservations at Gramercy Bistro.
1	Wow, that's in like 20 minutes. You'd better get dressed.
5	Yes oh - (To Ben) - Do I want sugar in my coffee? (Ben nods no.) No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. (To Ben) Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
5	Seriously, your dad doesn't like pranks.
5	No! Don't say that! Don't say that!
5	No don't! Go back to repeating!
2	I feel like my face is swelling. (To Monica) Is my face swelling?
0	Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
2	Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one! (Holds up the warning label.)
1	Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
1	(reading) "When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and "And then I can't think of a good word for right here. (He points to the stop on the paper where he left off.)
0	How about receiving?
3	Actually Monica and I are engaged.
3	Wait! Wait! We'd really love it if you could be there.
3	I know it would make me happy, ma'am.
3	Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
3	(To Monica) When I was growing up I played the one on the far left.
5	Remind me to introduce you to someone!
4	What?! What does he want?! I wasn't doing anything!
2	Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just be alone y'know to think about my mom and her suicide.
2	What?! That's the first time today!
1	So you like the nachos uh? Myself I'm partial to
1	I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
1	No I mean it! I can't believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
1	Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye - l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
1	Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
1	Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? (In a British accent.) "Jessica Lockhart will never set foot in this place again! Ever!!"
2	You were supposed to tell her!
5	No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come, and I was supposed to bring the cake!
2	Fine, I'll go call her.
5	Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
0	Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
1	Wow! This looks great!
0	Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. (Points to it.) Umm, this one is made of bologna. (Points.)
1	And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?
0	Oh, just until the glue dries.
0	(to a whole group) Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.
0	Okay? (To a different group) Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
1	Well maybe we just take that one away. (Picks it up and throws it away.)
0	I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. (Rubs it against her cheek.) Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see - get a better idea of what's gonna work.
1	Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
0	What are you trying on now?
4	Maybe I should stand on your feet! (Gert's shocked and Ross realizes what he said and tries to brush it off.)
1	So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there?
1	Well, I'd like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you're casting for this new show
1	Oh, see that's where you're wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn't see it up there, just-just try me.
1	Well I'm not proud of this, but (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.)
0	Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
3	Did it turn into sand?
0	Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you'll be fine. (She starts to walk towards the floor.)
3	(sliding up behind her) No. No, I won't. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn't want you to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
0	Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. (Chandler grunts.) Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn't matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. (They go onto the floor.) Just try not to move your feet at all. (Chandler starts to get into the groove and bust a move.) There you go.
0	(entering) Did I miss it? (Phoebe nods no.) Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it's positive, we're gonna
5	Oh I know. I know. (They hug.)
1	Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave, Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
0	Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
3	Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
0	You're wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
3	Kinda. They're really big.
0	Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
0	Just, I love you so much. Just It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
3	No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
0	Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
3	Sleeping with somebody new: anxiety, panic, and, I'm afraid, even more sweating.
3	I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. (Monica laughs.) Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
3	Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
0	Come here! Come here! (They hug.) Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid
3	(hoarsely) Water! Water! Water!
0	I love you too, Chandler. (They kiss.)
2	I just - I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
1	So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
0	Well actually, Ross doesn't.
3	Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
4	(He notices something through the window.) No! No! Wh What are you doing?!! (Dr. Ledbetter is slowly backing away.)
2	Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
5	You really think it would be that different?
5	Well, things change.
1	I'm sorry, I just I like things the way they are.
0	Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
3	Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
0	What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
3	Batman has a utility belt!
0	007 has a fancy car!
3	Batman has the Batmobile!
0	007 gets all the ladies.
0	How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I'll make you a nice martini.
3	Actually, I don't like martinis.
1	Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
1	Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
1	Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show - Wedding!
0	The wedding starts at six.
1	Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
0	Yeah! Oh and interesting because I found the cameras in one of our bags! (Throws them into his chest.)
4	Huh, didn't see that coming.
3	Okay, so this isn't a picture of our first, but it is a picture of my first kiss with with this lady. Which by the look on your face I'm sure you'll remember. So we don't need - (Rips the picture) - There's no need to have this picture. How about I take the real pictures and get them developed right now.
0	That would be a good idea.
3	Okay. (Sees the living room.) You opened all the presents without me?! I thought we were supposed to do that together!
0	You kissed another woman!
4	Well, I'm gonna go get these (the floral bouquet he walked in with) in some water.
2	Wait you stole those from these people's wedding?
4	No-no, I took them from the hotel lobby. Yeah, they think they can charge me for some dirty movie and a bag of Mashuga nuts, they got another think coming. (Starts to leave.) Hey! My sweater! I've been looking for this for like a month!
4	Hey! How you doing?
4	Oh hey, right back at ya.
3	Yes! It's flown into your blouse and you'd better undo your buttons lest it sting you!
0	(looking at Rachel's jeans) Where did you get those jeans?!
5	You gave them to me!
5	All right, I took them. But I figured it would be okay because you got a big ink stain on the crotch.
0	Oh no! Did you take my bra too?!
0	The pink one with the flowers?!
5	You mean the one that you're wearing? (Adjusts Monica's pink bra strap as Monica looks down her shirt.)
0	Sounds about right.
1	Hey! Uh, this is just to give you an idea. Okay well, we can put screens here, (In front of the crib.) so that the baby has privacy, and-and-and maybe a mobile over the crib. And uh - Oh look! Here's a baby monitor (Holds it up), which until the baby comes we can use as walkie-talkies. Huh?
5	Really? You think that's all it is?
1	Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas and their birthdays. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And anytime they're hungry or sleepy. Y'know, kids are tough. Good luck with that. (Walks away.)
0	Look, I wanted to tell I'm-I'm sorry you lost.
3	Listen, I've got a secret for ya. I let him win.
0	(laughs) Is that a secret or a lie.
3	No, I let him win - Ross!
3	Would you tell her I let you win please?
3	I am strong! I'll show you! (He sits down at the table.)
3	Oh what's the matter? Are you scared?
0	Let's go big bunny!
3	Okay. 1 2 3 - Go! (Once again he's at a stalemate, but this time he's in pain.) (Pause) I'm gonna kill myself!
5	I heard it from my friend Irene who heard it from some guy!
1	(raises his hand) Some guy!! (Points to himself.)
5	No. No, she told me his name was Ken Adams.
5	So uh, apparently people are familiar with the Europe story?
4	Yeah. Listen about that, the whole uh, who came on to who thing really doesn't matter. I mean, I think it would've happened either way. I mean if you hadn't initiated it I-I-I know I would've.
5	It was an amazing night.
4	It was. It was an amazing night.
5	You think it looked amazing?
4	I uh I don't know. I mean I I honestly didn't watch it.
5	Yeah, me neither. Yet
4	Uhhhhhh that-that may be weird.
5	Yeah, it would be really weird.
4	Oh, oh there go the clothes.
5	You are undressing very quickly.
4	Six months Rachel, six months.
5	No, I don't see it!
4	Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this? (Points) This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?
5	That's it? Well I saw that! Ohh-ohh-oh, thank you.
5	Wow! I can't believe that's our baby.
4	Yeah, that's our baby.
2	Hey! So how was the doctor?
5	Oh, everything went great.
4	Oh hey, show them the picture of your uterus.
1	I don't see the baby. Where is it?
5	Oh no, I know I couldn't see it either at first, but it's right umm (Starts to cry) Ross, I lost it again.
3	Oh no, it's gonna be named after some snack or baked good isn't it?
5	Well tell us! What are they?
0	Umm, okay. If it's a boy it's Daniel.
5	And if it's a girl?
0	I don't want to say.
5	Oh, just tell us! We're not gonna want it!
5	(gasps) Emma! (Looks at the baby and starts to cry.) See? I don't want it.
0	It's clearly an Emma.
5	Oh honey, but you love that name.
0	Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y'know, nothing goes with Bing. So I'm screwed. I mean (Rachel hands Emma to Monica.) Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that's you. You're our little Em. Oh what's that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin? (To Chandler) You want a cousin right now?!
0	I know. Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives forever? We may have just started a family. Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.
3	And if not, we got to do it on a bucket.
5	Ohhh! (Looks at Aaron and recoils in horror.) Wow! He kinda takes your breath away doesn't he?
2	Hey there, you handsome thing. (Rachel and Phoebe exit.)
4	Just uh, brought back your videos.
1	Uh hey look uh Ross, look I think we need to talk about before.
1	Yes we do! Now look, that was the best nap I ever had!!
4	I I don't know what you are talking about.
1	Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
4	All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!
4	I've said it! Okay?! But it's over Joey!
1	I want to do it again.
4	Because it's weird!
1	Fine! Do you want something to drink?
4	Sure, what do you got?
0	Chandler! (Knocks on the door.) Chandler! I just figured out who you are!
3	Can you figure out what I'm doing?
0	Do you really want to pull at that thread?
2	I'm having a really good time!
2	Ohh. No that's okay, he's a friend.
2	Yeah, I Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
2	Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
2	Okay, I know. Hold on. (She walks over to the couch.) Hey Ross?
2	Yeah, umm that's Whitney (Points), Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
2	Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals. (She holds up the tickets that Kyle gave her.)
4	Look, I don't think so Pheebs. (Pause) All right, I'll do it. But just because you're a friend. (Grabs the tickets and heads to divert Whitney.)
0	Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
3	Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
2	That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
0	Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
3	Well, it still has to go, right?
3	(to Joey) I have to! Okay? It's time! (Joey shrugs as if to say, "Do what you have to do") Okay, I hate dogs.
4	Are you out of your mind?
3	They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
4	Right, they are scary. (He jumps up, screaming) Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
5	Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?
3	(scared) Is there a puppy here?
3	(to Tag) Okay, you are new!
5	Hi! Well, we were just about to take off and see a movie. Oh no!
5	Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.
1	Who's birthday party?
1	(still skeptical) Oh, and how old is Alison?
5	(does a retching sound) Wait a minute! Why don't you guys do something?!
1	(still skeptical) Yeah, look how that worked out.
4	Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
4	No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?! (The librarian brings his boss over.)
4	Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
4	Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! (Starts to do so, but stops and to the previous librarian) And don't you follow me!
5	How did it go with Erin?
5	Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?! (She punctuates each word by slapping him on the forehead.)
5	Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey, you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
1	I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
0	All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.
0	You don't? (Laughs) Well, that's the difference between a professional and a layman.
2	That and arrogance.
0	Hey! How was sailing?
1	I don't want to talk about it. Y'know, you could've at least saved me a whole cookie. (He grabs what's left of the cookie and pops in his mouth.)
1	(recoils in horror) Women are mean!!! (Storms out.)
2	I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. (She picks it up with her finger and holds it out to Monica.) I wish you a long and happy marriage.
4	And what did he ask you not to call him?
3	Daddy. All right look, here's the story. (Flashback to Chandler about to enter the steam room as he does the voice-over.) Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. (The flashback shows his glasses fog up and him trying to find his way around the steam-filled room. He takes off his glasses.) So I take off my glasses and that's when it happened.
0	Oh my God Chandler! I can't believe it!
5	Well what happened at dinner?
0	My parents spent the money for our wedding!
2	(gasps) My God! What did you order?!
5	Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
3	Honey, it's gonna be okay.
0	No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
5	No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire-waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack. (She starts to cry, as does Monica.)
3	Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
5	Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
2	Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
0	How? I don't have any money.
0	Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!
5	Well what?! How-how much is it?!
5	Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
5	What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
5	My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
3	Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! (Goes over to another display counter and starts pointing at rings.) Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! (Notices that one of the jewelers is watching him.) It's a beautiful selection. (The jeweler walks away slowly.)
2	Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or - ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
3	Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
2	Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
3	Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. (Goes to another display counter.) Oh, this one's nice! (Pointing to another ring.) I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
1	Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. (To Rachel) Who-who's Barry and Mindy?
5	Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.
1	Ohh-oh, wasn't he cheating on you with her?
5	Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
0	Why did they get divorced?
5	Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? (Giggles.) God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
4	I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
4	The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
1	(starts to imagine it) I can't. I keep seeing it the good way.
4	I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. (That's karate, he's just saying it that way.) Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
3	Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
0	And what if I was still fat? (To Chandler) Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
3	What, you guys really think that I'm that shallow?
4	No, I just think Monica was that fat.
2	Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
0	(on phone) Okay, great! Bye. (Hangs up as Chandler enters.) So guess who's coming to Thanksgiving dinner?
3	Sydney Portier? Hehheh.
0	(not amused by Chandler's joke) I miss Rachel. (To Chandler) No, my parents.
3	Oh! That's great, they haven't seen the place since I moved in!
0	Yeah, and y'know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! (Quickly trying to change subjects), I was thinking we would eat around four.
3	(shocked at the news) Why can't I tell them that we live together?
0	Because they don't know we're dating. (Again, trying to quickly change subjects.) Do you think we should eat in the kitchen? (Goes to the sink and the stove to cook.)
3	Why haven't you told them?!
0	Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn't.
3	Why haven't you told them?! Wouldn't they be happy?!
3	Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
5	That's a good story, Grandpa.
4	Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
0	Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
2	That is nice and we're done. TADA!
3	I dunno what it is, it just doesn't quite feel like Christmas to me.
3	See now it feels like Christmas!
4	and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
5	So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
1	I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like (He imitates her stretching)
3	(glaring at her) Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
5	Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
0	What's the big deal?
3	I just get mad when Rachel doesn't remember where we're going.
1	Where are you going?
5	How about you guys? (Points to Phoebe and Joey.)
2	I can do that for the kids.
1	Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
3	Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
1	Okay. Have a benefit.
2	Yeah Joey that is so gross!
1	How about a scone on the house baby?
4	Hey does anyone have any gum?
2	Oh I do! (She grabs her huge purse and starts rummaging through it and taking out various items in a futile search for the gum.) Oh, y'know what? No. (Pause) Wait a second. (She removes a bag filled with water that has a goldfish swimming in it.) I know it's in here somewhere.
4	Y'know what? I'm good! I'm good!
3	Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
0	(congested) Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
3	I'm so sorry you're sick.
0	I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
5	Honey, no one thinks you're a pansy, but we do think you need a tissue. (She notices something hanging from Monica's nose, as does Joey.)
0	(wiping her nose) I have not been sick in over three years! (Sneezes.)
3	I'm gonna grab you some tissue.
3	Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
4	Hey, tell Dan, 'Thanks.'
5	I'm sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny. (Ross grabs the magazine away from her.)
3	Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
0	Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
4	Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
4	No, it's my joke, it's mine. You can call them, they'll tell you.
1	Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
1	Let's go watch it at your place.
3	Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
1	Chandler, Chandler, y'know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
1	Oh we kissed it up real nice.
3	So you kissed her, so what happened after that?
1	I came over here to tell you guys.
3	So she's just waiting over there for ya?
1	Okay, I'm all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips? (She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)
1	Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
3	I'm not your garbage man. I'm your mailman.
5	Monica look! Look-look-look! Here is that table that I ordered. (Shows her the picture.)
5	Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
3	You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
2	Hey, and then lunch.
5	Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
2	Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
2	No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
5	I didn't know you could get married here.
5	Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
5	Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
0	What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
5	Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
0	Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
5	I'm gonna do it too!
5	Really? Who would, who would you marry?
2	I don't know, I don't have anyone right now. Y'know?
2	Don't feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn't gay.
4	(while Rachel is finishing her rant) Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. (Rachel stops.) It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
4	I mean after tomorrow night.
5	No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can't! I can't do it! (Starts to freak out.) It's just gonna freak me out!!!
4	Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll-I'll tell her tonight I can't see her anymore.
4	You want me to call her right now?
5	Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy - I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
4	Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
5	Yeah do it now, call right now.
0	(crying) This is my favorite part.
1	(crying) You didn't cry when Bambi's mother died?
0	Chandler there's nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don't have to be so macho all the time.
0	Yeah you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
4	Hey, what have you guys been up to?
2	Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!
5	Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!
1	Takes it out of you? (Laughs.)
2	Now, we can kick anybody's ass!
4	After one class? I don't think so.
5	What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there (points) and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
4	Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call (he holds two fingers up to his temple, and he does this every time he says this word) unagi.
5	Isn't that a kind of sushi?
4	No, it's a concept!
2	Yeah it is! It is! It's freshwater eel!
4	All right, maybe it means that too
5	Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!
4	Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
2	(deadpan) Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
4	Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees - (He goes to pull out Elizabeth's chair, but Paul steps in) - Yeah, why don't you. (Paul pulls out her chair) Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head. (He turns his back to Paul and Elizabeth and points to himself for Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe. Then he goes to order the coffee.)
0	Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
2	Yeah. Not looking for dates. (Monica turns in horror.)
3	But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story (He starts laughing then notices that Paul isn't happy.) You're roommate in college died didn't he?
4	(returning with the coffee) Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. (He sets down their cups.) So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
5	Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
0	Oh well, it's not so bad.
1	(to the fireman) Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday?
3	How's your room Rach?
5	Everything's ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater. (Hold it up.)
5	Fine! I'm sorry for your loss! (Hands it back to her.)
0	(pulling Rachel back down) Yes, they can stay with us.
3	Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman?
2	No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now.
2	Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
5	Okay Phoebe calm down, there's no need to place blame. Okay? (To the fireman) I warned her about those candles.
3	God, it's great to catch up! I can't believe how long it's been!
1	Chandler, is that (Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)
1	Yeah-yeah, it's down to me and two other guys.
1	And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers
4	Oh, I love that guy! (Laughs.)
3	Oh-oh, what are you doing?
1	I'm just so nervous! Y'know? The callback isn't until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
3	Well, it is overdue.
4	Look, don't worry. Okay? You're gonna be fine.
1	There's just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don't know if you'd understand.
4	Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs.
3	(on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!
0	Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
0	Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
0	Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
4	Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are
2	(interrupting) Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
0	Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
2	Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.
3	Oh that's so funny because we found someone too.
2	Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
3	Why would our guy be a weirdo?
2	'Cause that's just your taste.
0	(laughs sarcastically) Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
2	My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these (She squeezes the skin on her chin together to form )
0	Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
2	Have you seen your guy's body?
1	You went through my personal property?
1	(pause) Because Vincent, we were lovers. (Pause) For two years!
1	Oh, I'm-I'm not working tomorrow.
1	No! No! I can't! You gotta get me out of it! I've got plans! (Spits.) Important plans! (Spits on the Ps.)
5	(closing the door) Ross said there's still no word from Chandler.
5	Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
2	Okay. Well there's one down.
0	(entering from her room, excitedly) I'm getting married today!!! (She trips and falls.) (Getting up) I think I just cracked a rib. But I don't care because today's my wedding day! My day is finally here!! (Runs back into her room.)
2	Y'know she might not even notice he's gone.
5	No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny. (Runs into her room crying.)
0	All you had to do was buy the card!
4	Hey! Look who's back! It's the birthday girl! How's the birthday girl feeling?
5	Well, I feel fine, but I think you're bumming out the rest of the kids.
5	Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids
2	Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
5	As I was saying I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
2	If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
0	Really! That long?! (Chandler slowly turns and looks at her.) (To Chandler) Look all you want, it's happening!
5	No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years - Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
5	No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
1	Will you quit hoggin' it!
5	(To Chandler) I'm telling you it's like watching Bambi learn how to walk.
4	(To Monica) You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
3	(to a waiter) Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? (The waiter comes over) There we go.
4	Come on. (She gets on the bike.) All right, here we go. All right? (They start.)
4	All right. Feel good?
4	All right, try pedaling.
4	That's it, your doing great.
4	Doing great! Yes-yes-yes! Take control! Yes!
2	Oh! Oh! Oh no!! You swore!
4	I-I just thought you were doing so well. I
2	I am shocked! Shocked!! (She storms off leaving Ross to defend himself from the angry looks from onlookers.)
4	It's a legitimate learning technique. (Looking around and seeing the woman behind him glaring at him.) Wow!
4	Hey, there's uh, some people outside, askin' about candy.
3	Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
0	I can't tell you. It's a secret.
3	Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
0	Awww. (Kisses him.) But still no.
3	Oh no-no, I can't do that.
0	If you tell me, I'll tell you what Phoebe said.
0	Oh my God. He threw up?
3	No, he visited a little town south of throw up. (Monica laughs hysterically.) So what was Phoebe's secret?
0	Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe's old massage place is getting fired.
0	That's right! You lose sucker!! (Pause) Please still marry me.
5	Chandler, you have an assistant right?
3	(angrily) Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
3	Uh, you've had a lot of sex right?
1	When? Today? Some, not a lot.
3	Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to - I mean I really wanted to, but I couldn't . There huh - hmm, there-there was an incident.
1	Don't worry about that man, that happens.
3	It's happened to you?
3	Well, what'd you do?
0	Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! (Knocks on her door.) Come on! (Phoebe enters with guitar and not ready to go.) Why aren't you dressed yet?!
2	I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out. (Gets ready to play.)
0	(grabs the guitar away from her) No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
2	Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
0	Fair enough, now go get ready!
0	I'll get everybody else (Does so), finally we can start celebrating my - (She gasps and is stopped by the sight of Ross and Rachel making out in the hall.) I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
4	Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw
0	(interrupting) Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
2	All right. So Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
2	Oh sorry, boyfriend!
2	No, whatever! Anything!
2	Yeah, he's gotta go.
2	No! I'm not finished yet! Don't! Don't you dare hang up on me!!!
4	(overacting as well) Yeah! Yeah! (Laughs.) Oh, this will make a great memory.
0	(wary) Okay. So, which boxes are mine?
4	Well, these. These are yours right here. (Pointing to the boxes they just created for her.)
0	Okay. (Starting to go through them) Oh! A coloring book! (Holding it up.)
4	Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
0	(looking through it) Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
0	Give me the good stuff.
3	Yeah! (Monica falls asleep) No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. (Monica doesn't move as he gets out of bed and as he's heading for the door.) And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
0	Okay, I'm up! I'm up!
5	Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh (She looks for a place to set it on his messy desk and he clears a spot for her to set it down.) fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
5	Well yeah, I wish that you would. (He opens the top drawer.) Well, no it's not in there! (Closes it.) How about that drawer? (She points to the bottom one and he opens it. She doesn't see the folder she planted and bends over to check.)
5	(thinks) Y'know, I don't-I don't know. Let me, let me check. (As she heads for her office, she stops glances over her shoulder at Tag, looks into her office, and finds the folder on her desk.)
5	Can I see you in my office for a minute?
5	You put these on my desk!
5	(pause as she realizes her lame attempt to shift the blame has failed) I am so hot for you right now.
2	Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
2	(scared) Fire alarm? (She opens the door to reveal a fireman holding the blanket with the smoke detector.) Oh! Hi, officer - fireman, can-can I help you?
1	Oh! (Pulls up his pants.) Sorry. Uh, I've got those plans with Phoebe, why?
3	Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
3	That's what Monica said.
1	After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
4	Oh here, I think this is us. (Reading the name cards.) Yeah.
0	Limited seating my ass. Let's see who made the cut. (To the couple sitting to her right.) Hi!
0	I'm Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom?
4	(To Monica) Stop saying, "Blood"to strangers.
0	(to the couple on her left) So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple?
2	Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
1	Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
4	No, these are my pants.
4	Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
4	Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I uh, you gotta have something.
4	I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you (Points to Ben) a Merry Christmas!
0	What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
4	(to Monica) Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
0	Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from Texas.
4	That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. (He tries to bend down to pick up the bag with the presents, but can't because of the costume) Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
4	You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah!
4	(gasps) You are? Me, too!
0	Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
1	Oh. Well good! (To himself) For me. (He picks up a jar of lotion.) What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
4	I have an oily T-zone!
1	Okay dude! (Finds a receipt.) Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
1	You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
1	Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
4	Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
4	Why am I not surprised?
1	Y'know what Ross? I'm not gonna let you get away with this!
4	I don't think you have much choice.
1	Yeah bye-bye! (Exits and comes back in still holding the lotion.) Hey! So just a light layer?
4	Yes. Yes. Just here (Runs his fingers down the bridge of his nose) and there (Runs his fingers across his forehead).
3	Joey got meat sauce on the banister again! (He goes into the bathroom to wash his hands.)
2	Yeah, swing music is so out.
3	(returning) What are you guys talking about?
3	See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
1	Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
3	No, not us (Motions Joey and him.) Us! (Motions Monica and him.)
1	I gotcha. Sorry. (To Monica) So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
2	Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
0	It doesn't say that!
2	Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side effects!
3	See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
1	Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey "
1	Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
3	Isn't that what happened with you and the bridesmaid?
1	Yeah!! I call that London style.
0	No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy thought that I was Ross's mom.
0	And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much
5	Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o'clock position.
4	Maybe it's uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more! (They pull over.)
5	It's a different guy!
4	Good evening officer.
4	Ah no. I don't, but it could not have been more than sixty.
4	I mean you're not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
4	Y'know of-officer I uh I had the weirdest dream last night
4	(laughs) You don't-you don't want to hear about my dream Officer Pretty?
1	Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I'm y'know insecure about my manhood or anything y'know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
1	(shocked) I can do an English accent?! That baby's going on my resume!
3	Well, I feel like a snack!
0	Do you want some shortbread? Eh that's Scottish like you are.
3	Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories. (Makes a few unintelligible noises.)
4	Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
0	No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
4	Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more
0	(interrupting) You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
4	How did you know about that?!
3	We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
4	Were you the ones called the cops?!
3	That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
3	Because we hate them.
4	Come on that's not fair! I mean you haven't even heard me play!
1	Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
0	Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! (She bursts into the apartment to find only Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.) Oh.
5	Oh Monica, we are so sorry.
5	Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.
2	And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
0	You al-you already had it?
2	Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and a bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
5	Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
2	We ruined everything.
0	Well no, wait a minute, that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
5	What do you, what do you mean?
5	Oh wait! Y'know what? I can't, I can't look at it. I can't. Somebody else tell me, somebody tell me.
2	Umm, it's negative.
5	Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew! (Pause) That is - that's great - that is really great-great news. (Pause) Y'know 'cause the whole not being ready and kinda the financial aspects, all that. Whew. Wow, this is so just the way it was supposed to be. (Starts to cry.) God.
5	Thanks. (Crying) God this is so stupid! (Pause) How could I be upset over something I never had? It's negative?
2	It's-it's not negative, it's positive.
2	Well yeah, I lied before.
2	Now you know how you really feel about it.
5	Oh-oh, that's a risky little game!
0	Are you really gonna do this?
5	Yeah. I'm gonna have a baby. I'm gonna have a baby. I'm gonna have a baby! (They all hug.)
5	Ah, it's still not the time.
4	I just didn't see the fast song coming.
1	Shh. Shh. Don't try to talk, we'll get you up to your room, we'll soak your feet, you'll be okay.
4	Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
4	Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
4	'Cause I know what you're trying to pull here. Okay? It's not gonna work.
5	I'll be out in a second.
5	(entering from her room) Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
2	in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. (To an imaginary Neil Simon) Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words. (Blows him a kiss.)
5	Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
2	Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more.
5	Hey, who's this little naked guy?
4	That little naked guy would be me.
5	Aww, look at the little thing.
4	Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
3	Who are those people?
0	Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
5	Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
0	Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
4	Looks like a fun gang. (They all look at each other and smile)
1	Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
4	(looking) No-no, that would be me again.
5	Well, we were just talkin' about you guys gettin' married and how great it is.
0	Oh that's so sweet.
5	How can you not remember us kissing?!
5	Wh Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
2	Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
5	Yeah - but come on - Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
2	Rachel, it's okay. You don't have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
0	You just carry that around?
4	Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.
4	Gunther. (To Chandler) Hey-hey! Why don't we put them on? Y'know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
3	I would but mine doesn't fit. The pants are a little tight.
4	Yeah. She - Well, she's one crazy lady?
4	(shows Tag his sweater tag) Umm, I don't some Italian guy. Come on, read your own label. See you later.
5	You're so sweet. (Notices something in the crib.) Oh my God! And you gave the baby Hugsy! (A stuffed penguin wearing a ski jacket, goggles, and hat.)
1	Ahhhhhhhhhhhh . That-that-that's really just to show where the baby would go. Y'know why don't I hold on to him so that there's no confusion? (Takes him back, sets him on the chair, and apologizes to him.)
5	But Joey the baby is going to be crying, it's going to be loud.
5	It's gonna be up all night!
5	What about all the women you want to bring home?
1	Look, if I'm bringing home a woman who can't stand being around a baby, then maybe I don't want to be with that woman! Or maybe we'll just do it in the bathroom of the club!
5	Joey, are you sure?
1	Yeah! All right - Look, I know sometimes it'll be hard, okay? But, it'll also be really really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.
5	I want me to stay too.
5	Thank you. (They hug.) Oh Joey and look at this crib! It's so cute!
4	Hey. We-we look we look pretty good.
5	That's what I was gonna say.
5	Thank you! I had just gone to the beach that weekend.
5	Have you been working out?
4	I have been working out.
5	Really? Wow, this is so much better than I
4	Oh that's not pretty.
5	Have to make it stop!!
0	(on phone) Hello Greg? (Listens) Hi, this is Monica from the plane? Listen, the number that you gave me 853-5 (Listens) (To Chandler) That is their old number! Jenny's been giving it out since they moved!
3	Jenny! That is so Jenny!
4	Oh. (He takes the picture and hugs her.
5	Oh, I'm not doing it alone. I have Ross.
5	Well then he gets a divorce, it's Ross!
5	Well I - That's never gonna happen with Ross.
5	Well That's y'know - That's - We've been alone for the last twenty minutes we're doing okay. Besides y'know what? I-I - Maybe we won't be alone, 'cause lately I-I - things have been happening between me and Ross, y'know? Right before I went into labor, we-we had this kiss. Y'know? So it might be the the beginning of something.
4	Who's this little guy? (Gasps when he sees Aaron.)
4	Man! Did you see the kid on that nose?
0	You're Lewis Posin.
0	Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
3	Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
0	No! But because he thought I was too faaaaa . (Chandler emerges, without flushing by the way.) And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
3	What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
0	No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
1	Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
4	No, 10 is the highest.
1	Why is 10 the highest?
4	Because it's the highest. (Joey shrugs his shoulders) Okay, Rachel you're up first. (Rachel stands up and gets ready.) Situation No. 1: You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go! (Joey is playing the part of Monica.)
1	(crying) I don't want to marry Chandler!
1	I've got cold feet.
5	it's gonna be okay!
1	No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
4	All right! I want my key back!
4	It's right there! (Points to her hand.)
2	Ugh, okay Sherlock! (Hands over the key.)
4	Look, I'm sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
2	All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though, for diverting Kyle's ex.
4	Oh yeah - No - You're welcome. We'll talk about it later.
2	(To Ross) Kyle's ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her, not date her!
4	(opens the door and to Whitney) Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night?
2	Watching ballroom dancing?
1	Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin' ice cream.
2	You don't like ice cream?
3	Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
4	(to Phoebe) It hurts my teeth.
3	And I don't wanna say this, I don't want you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. (An awkward silence ensues.) Oh my god!!
4	How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
4	Damn, I forgot you were here.
2	All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross's. We'll be back in a minute. (Gets up with Monica to do so.)
5	Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
5	When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
2	Oh, I'd say about a month.
0	Really? I'd say 3 to 4.
0	When it's your assistant, I would say never.
1	All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
1	Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!
2	Yay!! Oh so, you're not, you're not mad at us anymore?
1	No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
2	Didn't you sleep together?
1	Yeah, that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if we were ever to have kids, well that's a
5	(gasps) Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. (She goes over and hugs him.) Oh, please don't get married before I do.
0	He might still show up.
3	Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
0	It's actually going to be just family.
0	You gave my father a lap dance!
3	Why do they put so much steam in there?!
4	'Cause otherwise they'd have to call it the room room.
3	Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
2	Come on, it's not that big a deal!
3	Not that big a deal? There there was touching of things.
4	Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
0	Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
3	I don't want him to tell this story for years.
4	Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
4	Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?
0	It's enough for wedding scenario eight.
5	(starting to cry) Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
3	Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
3	Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
2	(reading the slip of paper) Wow! (In a sultry voice) Hello, Mr. Chandler.
0	This is the most special day of our lives.
3	No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
3	Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
0	You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
2	Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
1	Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
5	Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
1	No-no-no, I'm serious. You don't smell it? Something's on fire.
2	(coming over after returning the musket) Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
3	Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
3	Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
3	(choking up) Oh my God that's it, that's the ring! How much is it?
2	We will give you $10.
3	Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.
2	We stand firm at $10.
3	Uh, credit card. (Reaches for it then realizes) Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. (To Phoebe) Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
2	Okay. (To the jeweler) Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.
2	I'll give you $1 for them.
4	Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?
4	Remember? You-you were eating pizza.
5	Well why didn't you take the job?
2	Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
4	Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
4	(recognizing her) Oh my God! Rachel Green?
4	No-no. It's-it's me, Ross!
5	Oh, I'm sorry. Ross Tillman.
4	No, no-no, Ross Geller.
5	Ohh, of course Monica's brother!
4	Good-good, I'm-I'm married. (Shows her his ring.)
4	Is-isn't it the best?
5	Oh, it's the best! (They both exhale contemplating the joys of marriage.) So, umm how's Monica?
4	Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
1	Right! And when is that due?
3	First of the month.
1	And that's every month?
3	No, just the months you actually want to live here.
3	Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)
3	That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just - why don't I just cover you for a while?
1	No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity anymore.
3	It's not charity, Joe
1	No! Forget it! Okay - I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
3	Okay uh, here's the electric bill. (Hands it to him.)
0	(trying to change subjects, excitedly) So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I'll see you then. (Pats Chandler on the shoulder and goes into the living room.)
3	Why wouldn't they be happy?
0	Well, um, because mainly, um, they don't like you. I'm sorry.
0	Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you're really sarcastic, or that, y'know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
3	Is this why they don't like me or why you don't like me?
0	Look, I know that I should've told them. I know I shouldn't care what they think. I'm sorry.
3	Y'know, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we'll tell 'em.
0	You really think that'll work?
3	Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn't I?
0	(hugging Chandler) I don't think you'll ever get my parents that drunk!
3	Hey! (Sees Ross is there) Oh, good, Ross! You're parents like me, right?
5	I cannot believe that you didn't tell me that we are still married!!
4	Look I was going to tell you!
5	When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross didn't get the annulment; we are still married.
4	Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
3	Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
4	Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. (He laughs, and he laughs alone.) Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
4	Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
2	Another lie. You have a sickness!
3	I can see why that's hard to resist.
1	I like her so much!
0	Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
1	I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
3	You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
4	I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
0	Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
3	Ah, you're still just a little fat girl inside aren't you? (He kisses her on the cheek)
4	You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
1	Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
5	Hey! Ross, listen can you come to a charity event tonight?
4	Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth.
3	Oh, so you're already doing your part for the kids.
4	I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp - to be a counselor!
0	Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
3	Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn't agree to that!
0	Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
2	Y'know, you are 12 years older than her.
4	Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?
4	Uh-uh - Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
5	So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?
0	This bottle opener. (She grabs it off of the freezer door.)
4	(in an Australian accent) You complete me kitchen, matey!
2	Ross, I know what you're thinking.
2	That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
4	Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?""Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?""When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?"You want her!
4	(answering it) Uh-oh, saved by the bell. (On phone) Hello?
0	Hey Rach, aren't these candlesticks (holds up a pair) mine?
5	No-no, I bought those.
0	Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.
2	Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!
1	(To Chandler) Dude! What are yo - you trying to kill me?!
5	(entering from her room) Pheebs, I wanna ask you something.
5	Well since I'm movin' out and-and you're so beautiful
5	how about I move in with you?
5	Wait, I-I just said "leave."
2	Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's,""and"oh I'm sorry, I have "A."Forget it.
5	Phoebe, come on that's silly.
2	All right, so let's switch.
5	No, I have all of the good words. OK, fine, fine, we can switch.
2	Please...wait, how did you do that?
2	Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?
5	Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
0	I don't need a tissue! I'm fine-d!
4	When you put a 'D' at the end of 'Fine' you're not fine.
0	I'm fine-d. I'm fine-d! Y'know, it's a really hard word to say.
3	Oh my God, introduce us!
5	This is Chandler. (Points at him.)
5	And you know Monica and Ross!
5	And that's Phoebe (points), and that's Joey.
1	Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin'?
5	Don't!! (Joey backs away frightened.) (To Jill) Honey, what are you doing here?!
2	(To Ross) Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that's bitter?
2	Never mind, I got it.
3	What? No, I want to watch this. (He turns on the television and the screen is completely covered in snow). Did your cable go out?
3	Joey, why is your cable out?
1	I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
3	If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
1	No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
3	(picks up the phone) All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
3	(with phone to ear, obviously hearing no dial tone) Paid your phone bill?
2	Wh-wh-what are you doing?
2	Oh, I want to look too! (She runs over and sits down and checks out a picture). Yikes!
0	So do you think that these pictures - Are, are they trying to tell a story?
5	Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
0	Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
5	Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
0	It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
1	Hey! I made that for her!
1	Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
0	I'm telling - If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
5	Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
3	Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore
3	so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."(Everyone laughs.)
0	I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
3	Look at us, we're a couple of couples!
1	And Chandler I can't believe I let you pay for this one. (They hug and he whispers in his ear.) Thanks man.
0	Phoebe, that stuff is
2	Don't even get me started on yours!
1	(entering) Hey! So, did you watch the tape of my show?
1	All right, let's get me back up there! (Holds out his picture.)
1	What - But you saw the show!
1	Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
1	Oh you should, it's great.
4	This place is really beautiful!
4	Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes - Do-do you want to make out?
4	Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.
4	No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.
3	No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
1	Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
3	I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
1	Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
3	Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
0	Oh, I've got it! I have got it! (Gets up and gets something from the dresser underneath the TV.) Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!
2	All right, what's going on there? (Points to a picture.)
3	Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
0	Where were your parents?
3	Oh they didn't want to come!
4	Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
2	You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
4	All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi. (Does the finger thing.)
5	(To Phoebe) Ooh! Y'know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.
3	Hey-hey, is Monica here?
3	Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
5	Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
3	(laughs) She was working on Valentine's Day so we're celebrating it tonight.
1	Ohh, hey! Why don't you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
2	Ooh, Joey, that's actually a really good idea!
1	And of course, crotchless panties.
3	Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend (pause) and her brother, (the camera pans to Ross flashing Joey a very evil look; Joey gets scared) I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
1	You can't make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut
5	(interrupting him) Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
5	Oh! Ross is sooo great!
3	Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
0	No, you said the baby creeps you out.
3	No, the little girl creeps me out.
3	Why would the baby creep me out?
0	Why would the little girl creep you out?
2	(writing frantically) You guys, I'm sorry, could you please talk a little slower?
3	This is going in your book?
2	Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
2	And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. (Chandler and Monica kiss.) And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
5	Oh! Well let's look for them. (Finds some under one of the couch cushions. It has a pink, fuzzy ball on the key chain.) Oh-oh-hey! Are these them?
3	(on phone) Oh that's great! Good for you.
3	Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm (Joey mimes throwing something in the air, catching it, rolling it out, putting it in an oven and cutting it.) Can you hold for one second please? (To Joey) What?!
1	When you're off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
3	(on phone) Hi! I'm back. (Goes to hang up the phone.) Yeah, that sounds great. (Listens) Okay. Well, we'll do it then. (Listens) Okay, bye-bye. (He hangs up the phone and turns around to see Joey standing close to him and screams.)
1	Hey listen, so when's-when's my audition? I mean I know it's Thursday, but what time?
3	(To Joey) We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
0	Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
3	Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
0	You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
3	No, we only went out once.
0	Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
0	No really, they're OK.
0	Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
0	I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]
5	(on the phone) Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! (Pause) I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. (Hangs up.)
0	Well, what happened?
2	Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until... (The flashback shows Paulo lying face down on the massage table and slowly moving his hands up Phoebe's legs and grabbing her butt.)
2	And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (The flashback shows Paulo rolling over and showing Phoebe his equipment.)
2	Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it!
4	You ate my sandwich?
4	You-you-you-you (trying to remain in control) threw my sandwich away!
3	No, our guy is just a floating head.
2	Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
0	You're not supposed to look!
2	Oh yeah, like there are police for that!
3	(horrified) Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.
0	All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
2	Oh, Chandler funny?
0	Our guy's a great dancer!
2	My guy is well read.
3	Our guy has great hair.
2	My guy has great teeth!
3	Our guy smells incredible.
0	(To Chandler) Do you want our guy to be your guy?
3	Well, you don't look good Joe.
0	(re-entering) I'm gonna start getting ready! (Goes back into her room.)
5	God! Don't - We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown
2	Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can't do this here! (She drags her into the bathroom.)
5	I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just It's just so sad!
2	Yeah, but you've got to pull yourself together! Monica can't see you like this! Then she'll know something's wrong!
5	I know. I know. Oh God. (Looking around) There's no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
2	No-no! I-I I found one.
5	Oh thank you! (Wiping her nose.) Oh God! (She throws it out.) Can I have another one?
2	(looking into the trash can) Sure. (Reaching into the trash can.) Do you need some floss? (Grabs a piece of it.)
5	Oh God I just cannot imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
2	Oh here's a whole bunch.
5	Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl."Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
2	There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it's positive. Monica's pregnant. (Rachel covers her mouth.) So I guess she won't be totally alone.
1	(to the waiter) Hey! Are those crab cakes? (The waiter nods) Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
3	(To Monica) How are you feeling?
4	I really wish that you wouldn't.
2	(clinking two glasses together) Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
2	Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
3	I think it's necessary. (Backs away anyhow.)
0	I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends
2	(To Joey) Okay quick, help me get this off! (Motions to her top.)
2	I lost a whole year! I can't believe it! This is so unfair!
1	Oh, I don't know Pheebs. It'll be okay.
2	Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
1	That's not gonna happen. No. (Looks up) Because we have a new deal!
2	Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
2	Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
0	Well, they're just gonna have to wait aren't they? I've only got two hands!!
0	No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
4	By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me. (She glares at him and he quickly makes his way to Phoebe's room.)
4	(entering) Look, I-I'm really sorry I let go of the bike.
2	I could've been killed I hope you know!
2	Well, I would love to but the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects. (Ross just happens to have his hand on a sheet that is covering something that suspiciously looks like a bike.)
2	What?! (Ross rings the bell.) What the hell?!
4	All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
2	All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
5	No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy
5	I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
2	Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
5	Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? (Takes out his picture.) Look how pretty!
2	Let's see. (Looking at the picture) Oh my God! Oh But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that - it's not professional. Umm, this is for me (The picture) yes? Thanks. (Puts it in her pocket.)
5	Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
3	Let me see this guy. (Phoebe hands him the picture.) W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
1	It's been a while, huh? Wow, it's funny these halls look smaller than they used to.
1	So! Stryker Ramoray huh? When do you want me to start?
1	(looking between the pages and him) Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
0	See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
5	Oh honey, but it is just about
0	No it's not! No! No! Now it's about you and Ross getting back together!
0	See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
5	Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
5	Honey I swear it we just kissed.
4	It was just a kiss. (Phoebe enters and overhears this.)
2	You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
0	Thunder being stolen!!
5	Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
1	Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
0	(holding up a glove) Oh, an old glove?
0	Wow! Look at this! (Picking up a shirt.) I can't believe I even fit into this shirt! (She holds it up and it reads: Tyrannosaurus Ross.) (She turns it around and looks at it.) Oh, this is yours. (Hands it to Ross.)
4	Oh, I don't know how that got in there.
4	Umm, your boxes are umm
0	So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
0	I can't believe this! (Storms out.)
5	How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
3	Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
5	Well what if I told you you can do it in my apartment?
2	Okay do you - Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
2	Fine! (She takes the blanket.) But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
2	There's a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! (He exits and she goes to shut it off.) There's a reset button! My God! Why didn't I see that! (She takes off the plastic cover and looks for the button.) Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? (Finds it.) Oh here it is! (Picks it up off of the floor.) Oh! (She presses it hard, but of course it would help if the button was still attached to the detector. In frustration she presses it so hard it causes pain in her thumb.) Ohh, God!
4	Okay, do-do you have a good grip?
4	Okay, I'm going to start climb down you now.
1	All right! Just hurry up!
4	Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we're face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we're-we're butt to face.
1	I think face to face.
1	Face to face, yeah!
1	(grunting) Oh my How much do you weigh Ross?!
4	I prefer not to answer that right now, I'm still carrying a little holiday weight.
1	Y'know, when we talked about face to face, I don't think we thought it all the way through.
4	So what do you want me to do?
1	Well, just shimmy down me and drop!
1	Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
2	Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli. (She grabs his menu and hands it to the waiter.)
1	Oh well, that changes everything! (Grabs his menu and starts looking at it again. The waiter leaves.) Y'know what Pheebs?
1	You were right before. I mean, friends are so important.
2	(checking her watch) Yeah, I'm very wise. I know.
1	Y'know-y'know what I really want?
1	Is to have a long, long talk. Y'know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
1	Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
2	God Joey, this is taking forever!
1	What's the rush? What?
2	W-w - I just - it's that - I have - y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
1	Whoa-whoa, what is it?
1	A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
2	Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
1	No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
4	(to Monica) You wanna wander in the hall? (to Ben) Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the Festival of Lights?
4	Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
3	(entering in a Santa costume) Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
4	What are you doing here, Santa?
3	Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird turtle-man?
4	I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
3	You bet I did, Ben, put it there! (He shakes Ben's hand, but the money falls out of his hands) (to Monica) Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! (Realizes, that Ben is standing right there) Ho, ho, ho!
0	Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
4	(to Chandler) What are you doing?
3	You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
4	Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
0	Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
5	Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
3	But I love swing music!
2	Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts - They just stop living.
3	Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
5	Well, what is the other reason?
3	I don't want to say.
5	Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
3	Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was the first time I knew that you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
4	So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
4	Oh yeah it's fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasm out of control.
1	Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I
3	And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
3	But then later that night
0	(standing outside) Cute PJ's! You're really livin' it up here in London huh?
3	Well I was I wasn't exactly expecting company after (He looks at his watch.) 9:15.
3	Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bridesmaid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
3	You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms (She jumps up and kisses him.) (Breaking the kiss.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
3	But we don't do that.
0	I know, I just thought it would be fun.
0	Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
2	Yeah, I understand.
1	Yeah! Okay! (He notices a beautiful woman sitting behind the couch and goes to talk to her.) Hey! Hi!
1	Y'know, you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?
1	Oh, let me get this. (He takes out his wallet, but the panties come with it. The woman and waitress are shocked.) (Realizing) (To the woman) These are for you.
4	No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a wee bit o' celebration.
1	Oh well - Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
1	Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb - Angelina Jolie!
1	Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!"(She's not buying it.) Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
1	You own the room. (She smiles and stares longingly into his eyes.) We should probably get-get uh
1	Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that 'cause she's so passionate?
0	Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents (Motions to the pile in the corner) without having to talk to people I don't even like!
1	And what's cool is, the character is from Naples, right?
1	My whole family's from Naples!
1	Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. (He starts taking off his clothes.) I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. (He drops his pants and stands, back up and looks down.) So there you go, that's me. (We cut to a camera angle looking at the casting director and movie director through Joey's legs.) One hundred percent natural! (Suddenly, there's a thud as something falls off.) (Everyone is shocked.) I tell ya, that has never happened before.
2	Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
2	Oh! No problem! I (Cassie emerges from the bathroom and we once again visit slow motion Barry White background music land with the sexy hair-flipping thing going on, only this time Phoebe is entranced. For more information on Denise Richards you can visit your local library or look her up on the Internet at her official website at www.deniserichards.com.)
1	Tell me about it, I feel like I'm holding down the fort all by myself.
4	Wait a minute! No! I'm the nice one! I'm the one who danced with the kids all night! How How small are your feet?! (They all look down.)
3	So we both finished our vows.
5	Oh, can we read them?
0	Yeah, I don't hear Chandler's and he doesn't hear mine.
2	(To Monica) Oh, that's beautiful.
1	(To Chandler) (laughing) Funny one! That's good!
5	(To Monica) Monica, will-will you marry me?
1	What? I don't get it.
4	(To Chandler) Oh man, this is hilarious.
3	Don't worry honey, we'll make yours funnier.
3	Okay, what do you guys think?
1	(starting to cry) I have never known love like this.
3	You really like it?
4	Dude! How-how did you write this?
3	I stole Monica's and changed the name.
4	Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
3	Well, does that mean that you're not going to be wearing yours?
4	What, are you kidding? It's Batman's tux!!
3	(standing up) Let me try it on!
4	Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin' in there.
3	(trying on the jacket) Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! (Finds something in the pocket) What's this?
4	Let me see that! (Grabs the invitation and reads it.) Oh man!
3	The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell. (Hands him the jacket and walks away.)
1	(entering) Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
0	All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom to stand at the altar and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
1	No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
3	Well, you're welcome. And tell them we're really glad they're coming.
1	Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! (Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat.) Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this (He tilts it to the side of his head) is for party time.
5	It happened! I am telling you it happened!
1	I know! I found it on the street.
5	Are you serious - Really?! It's in such good condition.
5	Wow! Whoa-whoa what's under the covers?
5	It's still - (Screams) - It's got a tail! Get it out of here! Get it out of here!!
4	Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don't care, (To Rachel) because you got the apartment. Yes!
5	Ewww. Yeah. Umm. I think I'm gonna stay here.
5	Uh-huh. (Ross takes off his coat and sets in on a chair.) Y'know what I was, I was thinking about?
5	Umm that kiss before we left the apartment. That was some-something huh?
4	Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we we gotta be careful. We we can't let that happen again, y'know?
4	I mean we don't want to go down that road do we?
5	No! No, of course not. No. That's why I brought it up. (Pause) They didn't have any sodas?
4	Oh my God! I'm sorry, I was talking to this nurse, completely forgot.
5	That's all right. (He goes to get her a soda.) And so it begins.
4	Yeah. She's putting her down now, that's her. (Points to the nurse putting Emma now.)
2	I just can't decide who she looks more alike, you or Rachel?
4	Oh what are you kidding? She's gorgeous, it's all Rachel.
2	I'm sorry, for the last time, why aren't you two together again? (Silence from Ross.) No, I know. I know, because you're not in that place. Which would be fine, except you totally are.
4	It's it's complicated okay?
2	Yeah that's true. Yeah, you love her. You always have. You have a child together. There is no right answer.
4	Look, we've been together. Okay? And then apart, and then together, and then apart, and now we have a baby. (Pause) It's just if-if we got together again and it didn't work out I could never do that to Emma. I mean she-she thinking everything - (Starts to cry.) Oh that's now me. What do they put something in the water in this place? Since Rachel and I we're doing really, we're doing really well right now.
2	I know. I know. I know. I know, and if you try to make it more you might wreck it.
5	Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
1	(out of his Monica character) Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
4	Yes, very nice Rachel.
2	Ugh, what a kiss ass.
1	We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do"when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
4	(playing the drunk uncle) When Monica was a little girl, I remember that - (Phoebe screams and tackles him) - Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
1	Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
5	Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the ceremony!
2	Hey! Do you want, do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
4	It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
5	Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre
5	Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass (Grabs a glass and holds it up) to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
1	Wow. (To Ross) Good speech.
4	Yes! That's where we realized we were both super cool people!
2	And! She uses sex as a weapon!
4	Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I'll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
2	You're still gonna go out with her?!
2	Well, didn't you just hear what I said?!
4	Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband's gonna say that stuff. Now, if you'll excuse me
2	You see? Nothing is good enough for her!
5	Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?
5	Wo-women? You mean like old women?
1	Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
5	(to Monica and Phoebe) Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
0	Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
5	You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
1	Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
5	How are you holding up?
5	Yeah? I'm sorry about your girlfriend.
5	So were you guys together a long time?
5	Now that she broke up with you?
1	What about Game 1 of the Series?
1	You shut up! (To Phoebe and Rachel) I love arguing with her. (To Erin) I'll be right back.
5	So how's it goin' with Joey?
5	Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
5	But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
2	Then change it back!
2	No spark? Didn't you sleep together?
2	Does Joey have any idea?
2	Yeah, you mean like that you're kind of a loner.
0	I was trying to help out a squirrel.
4	You were trying to eat it!
0	(takes the phone from Ross) Come on. (Answering phone) Hello? (Listens) I'm sorry you have the wrong number. (Listens) (Whispering) Okay, I'll call you later dad. I love you. (Hangs up.)
3	(getting up) All right, I'm off to see your dad.
4	Whoa-whoa, aren't you a little over dressed?
5	(laughing) Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
3	Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face - And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass. (Exits.)
4	(To Rachel) Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
5	I don't know. Y'know, they didn't get us anything.
5	Well hello! So, when are we gettin' back out on the water matey?
1	Oh uh, I don't know the boat way to say this, but uh never!
1	Because! You're mean on the boat!
5	What? I was just trying to teach you.
1	Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
4	Yeeeeeep Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took me out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
5	Well no, I don't smell anything.
1	Oh, y'know what? It's probably just your burnin' loins.
4	(sitting down) Hey, what are you guys, what are you guys talking about?
4	(takes a drink) Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins? (Joey and he both laugh.)
5	Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
4	So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
5	Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you. (Exits.)
4	(chases her) Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines! (Realizes a table of women overheard him.) (To that table.) 'Sup?
2	(entering) Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
4	(looking at the table) Excuse me ladies. (To Phoebe) I'm sorry?
2	My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
4	(incredulous) I gave him an extremely professional massage!
2	He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.
4	Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him acu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
2	Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
4	Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
1	Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
4	Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
1	Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther Chandler's card.) Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just - I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
5	Oh my God! Oh my God!!
0	Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
5	What's the other one?
0	I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
5	Oh that's right. You're the talker. (They both reflect on that briefly) Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
2	Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara. (The male jeweler hands it to her.) Oh yeah. Okay. (Puts it on.) (To the jeweler) What do you think, too much?
2	Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. (He hands it to her and Phoebe poses in front of one of those small mirrors.) Something's missing. It's not Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.
2	Oh my God!! (She runs after him, but sets of the security system, which locks the store's door and brings down a set of bars behind her, caging her in.) No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now! (Points the musket at them.)
3	No. How are ya Paul? (Starts to look for his credit card.)
5	Ohh, I would love too.
4	Yeah? Oh-oh, she'd be so excited!
5	Oh wait, don't you have to pay for your, (looks at his magazine) Busty Ladies?
4	No, it's okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don't
5	But! Don't you have to give him his money back?
4	Uh-huh. (Steps to a random kid nearby and hands him his money.) Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. (To Rachel) Okay, let's go see Monica!
1	So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
0	He's not boring! He's just-he's just low key.
1	Oh dear God, let me think. (Starts to sarcastically think about it.)
1	This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
3	So, we'll do the rest of the bills later then?
2	So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
3	No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
2	Well, how much do you think he needs?
3	I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
2	Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
3	Well that would help the pride thing.
3	Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
3	Okay! (They kiss) So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
0	Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
2	And also, my birthday.
0	It's not your birthday.
2	Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
4	(only half-paying attention) Yes, of course they like you!
3	Well Monica just told me that they don't.
4	(not paying attention) Yeah, they don't like you.
4	I dunno, maybe it's because you're really sarcastic. Or maybe it's cause you uh-
3	(angry) Well if people don't know they shouldn't just guess!
3	This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
1	Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin' up, eh?
1	Well maybe I love ya'.
3	[mocks that last comment].
1	Yeah! Yeah, why? What's up?
5	Hey, so did everything go okay with the annulment?
4	Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
5	Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
5	Okay, umm, I'm gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)
4	Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
4	I didn't get the annulment.
3	Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!
0	Are you sure you wanna do this?
4	Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)
5	Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.)
1	(entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
2	Okay! Okay! Okay! (They run into the chapel.)
3	Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
1	Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche! {Transcriber's note: Oh come on! Who would leave the keys to their Porsche behind? If I had a Porsche, I'd have the keys surgically attached to my hand!} Hey Gunther, these yours?
1	Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
0	Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
1	There's a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)
3	You left a shoe here?!
1	Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)
3	Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
2	(coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
0	Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
2	Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya! (Exits.)
3	Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
2	(stops) Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
4	Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
3	What, what are you laughing at?
5	Well, I used to date him, but you're still going out with her!
1	Did she just ask me out on a date?
0	What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
5	Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
1	Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
5	Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
1	OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember - stay cool.
4	Oh my God it's just like I dreamed it!
1	That's not what she said last night. (Ross glares at him.)
5	See? Now, he could date her.
1	It's the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
4	Yeah, yeah you have the ring?
3	Yeah, right here in my pocket. (Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.) Pheebs?
3	Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
4	(to the rest of them) Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here!
3	(To Monica) You are beautiful.
0	Oh, thank you! (The gang exhibits signs of quiet apprehension and wears knowing glances.) (Monica giggles.) What's going on?
5	(breaking up) We're just really very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.
2	So now what's going on here?
5	Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
2	No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
5	Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. (She introduces them.) He's the head of my department.
0	(under her breath) That you're a liar. (Hides the candlesticks in a drawer.)
0	Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
4	Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
5	Well, who wouldn't?!
4	I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
2	Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
2	Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
3	Oh, what's the matter?
2	Well, you know that psychic I see?
2	Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
2	Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?
5	You have a roommate?!
2	Yes, Denise. Denise!
1	Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
3	Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
2	Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time!
1	Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place
1	Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
5	Yeah, yeah I think I'm gonna find my own place.
3	Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday's was just our thing man!
2	So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
4	Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.
2	You didn't tell her did you?
2	Of course not, because you're in love with her.
5	Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y'know roommate bonding thing.
2	Okay, let's go running!
5	Yeah and there's really cute guys there.
2	Let's run towards them!
2	All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!
5	Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!
2	Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.
4	So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
3	(not amused) And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
0	(jumps over a box) Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
3	I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
3	Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
1	Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
1	Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
5	Wow! What did he say?
5	Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
5	Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
5	Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
1	(to a customer) Are you all finished here?
0	Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
2	Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
5	You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
0	Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
2	I don't know. (Pause) Me neither.
1	You forget how many great songs Heart had.
4	You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.
3	So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
1	Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I'm not even sure I got it.
4	What, you didn't get it? The doctor is a monkey.
3	And monkeys can't write out prescriptions.
3	(stops laughing, to Ross) You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
4	Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
3	So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
0	So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I'll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
1	Oh, but hey look, at least let us bring the wine.
0	Joey, you don't have too!
1	Nope-op! I insist! (He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.) You get the wine right?
3	Yeah all right. (They part.) Okay, good night guys.
1	What-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
1	Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
4	(loudly) Why?! Are there like bears or something?! (Looks around and then sees that Elizabeth is shaking her head no and realizes what Elizabeth meant.) Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.
4	Oh no! Hey-hey, I'm the guy! I'll get it.
5	(from another room) Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house.
2	So that story doesn't make you cry?
3	No! Look, I don't cry! It's not a big deal! Okay?!
1	No! It's not okay! It's not okay at all!! You're dead inside!!
2	Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! (Shakes his hand.) Sure! Yeah! (Signs the autograph)
2	You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. (The fan leaves and Joey approaches.) (To Joey) Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? (Points) He's a fan. (To the fan as she's leaving) Bye! (Exits)
1	Oh, you're Phoebe's fan!
1	(laughs) I don't think so.
1	Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
5	Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
3	Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
2	Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?
4	So what are you gonna do?
3	Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
2	Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! (She takes out a sock that's been made into a bunny with eyes, nose, mouth, whiskers, and two other socks sown onto it for ears.) Oh for crying out loud!
5	Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
2	Now, it's you little bunny friend. (She sticks it in Rachel's face and they both laugh.)
3	(admiring his work) This, this actually is a (Does the same gibberish word from before.)
3	Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine's Day gifts?
3	Do we have to make the entire thing?
0	Yes! Why, did you - you forget to make yours?
3	Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
0	Okay. (They kiss.) Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! (Chandler giggles and exits.) I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
0	I'm just so excited to make the presents! (Chandler does another sarcastic/scared laugh and leaves.) Shoot!
5	(chasing after him) Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?
5	Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
5	You just don't look old enough to have a twenty-year-old daughter.
5	Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just - I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
5	(sympathetic) Ohh. So you raised her all on your own?
0	How was your first day?
1	Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
0	All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
1	Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey. (He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)
3	(laughs) Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
3	(giggles) My friend's name is Joey.
3	Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
0	Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?
5	Oh my God! It sure didn't look this way when I lived here.
0	I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
2	Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess (To Rachel) you should get to stay here.
5	Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
2	Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
0	(startled) Ahh! Aren't you dressed yet?
3	(looks down at his clothes) Am I naked again?!
0	We're supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
3	Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
0	Wh?! What about my allergies?!
3	Oh right, your allergies. (Monica leaves and to the chick and duck) All her, she hates you. (Chandler leaves without finishing the message for Joey.)
1	Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
3	As crazy as soccer?
1	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! (Chandler suddenly remembers and looks at the unfinished message then tries to sneak over and finish it as Joey listens.) Well, nobody told me! (Listens) Who'd you talk to? (Listens and turns around to see Chandler trying to finish the message.) Nevermind! (Hangs up.)
3	You mean you didn't get it from this?
1	The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes - Hey, what was in that brown jar?
3	That's still in there?!
1	Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?
3	Is this a service you're providing me?
1	No! No! No! For my new fridge - our new fridge!
1	So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.
1	And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
4	Hmm? (Turns around and sees that its Elizabeth) Oh, a student I don't know.
4	Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
4	Shh! (Laughs then composes himself) Of course, why don't we go inside?
4	Doorknob! Doorknob!
4	Oh, okay. What-what about?
2	I know! Monica's gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
2	Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
5	No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
2	Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this. (She throws the test back into the trash.)
5	Okay Phoebe, we cannot tell anyone about this.
2	Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
2	Just for the future, this is hardly a commercial for it.
4	No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn't heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler's parents again!
2	You told them he was missing?
4	No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I'm interested in them.
5	All right, we've got to tell her he's gone. (Starts to leave.)
4	No! Hey! Hey! We can't!
0	Phoebe, y'know why don't we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
2	No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I'll see you guys later. Thanks. (Gets up and exits.)
5	Hey. (After she leaves.) Oh, poor Pheebs.
1	Hey, y'know what you guys? I think I'm gonna go walk her home. (Gets up and runs out.)
0	He's gonna eat the cake!
1	Pheebs! Wait up! (She stops.) Listen uh, close your eyes. (She does so and Joey passionately kisses her.) Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
5	Ross, I really don't think
4	(interrupting her) Lift!! And slide!
4	All right everyone, lift! (They try to lift the car, of course it doesn't raise up) And slide!! (Everyone leans over, but the car still does not move.)
1	Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started!
4	Great! Great! (He runs to the door.) You're making the bike very happy.
2	(sarcastically) Okay Ross! (Ross exits and she says quietly to the bike) Please don't die!
5	Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
5	(worried and shocked) Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything - minute. Okay. Fine. (To Tag) Abort the plan, abort the plan. (She start to usher Tag out.)
5	Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates? (Holds up the box.)
5	(laughs) Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, (getting serious) what would happen exactly.
5	You're lookin' at it upside down - y'know what? (Grabs the evaluation and throws it out.) It doesn't matter.
5	Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
5	No, you could've lost your job.
1	Well, I was Dr. Drake Ramoray, Stryker's twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
5	Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
5	Yeah! You-you got the job! You're my new assistant!
5	Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
0	Hey! Good, you're home!
3	Oh it's always nicer to hear than, "Aw crap! You again!"
0	I made you a surprise.
3	(angrily) I don't think that's what they were talking about Joe!!
2	What a great night, Chandler can't do it, these guys kissed (Points to Ross and Rachel.)
1	You guys kissed! Oh my - this is huge!
5	No-no, it's really not huge.
0	Well, we're still talking about it, aren't we?
2	Well yeah, that and Chandler's problem.
1	Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
0	Yes that would be lovely.
1	You got it. Okay. Now, I can pass for 19 right?!
3	Yes, you can pass for 19.
3	Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
3	(excitedly) Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
3	That's awesome! That's great! What made you do it?!
5	Well, it's a long story, but umm I broke Joey's chair
5	Ohhhhh. That's how it got fixed!
3	Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
3	I'm gettin' my chair back! (Heads for Joey and Rachel's.)
1	Well, it looks like it wasn't healed after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now! (Sits down in it and groans.)
3	Joey you broke my chair!!
5	Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
1	So, there was no miracle?!
5	No Joe, no miracle.
1	(sarcastic) Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
5	Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! (Joey starts to get up.) No I take that back!
4	(looking down) M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me.
1	(angrily) Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
4	It's still looks pretty far!
1	It's not that far! Just drop!
1	Ross, you should know that my pants are startin' to come down and I'm not wearing any underwear!
4	Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I - Ooh, a quarter!
0	That really was some of your best work.
3	Hm-hmm, I told you! (Looks at the clock) I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
0	I have to be up in seven minutes.
3	Well, you're not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes
0	Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I'll get the furniture polish!
1	Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
1	Well, she graduated from high school!
2	Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him! (Gets up and leaves.)
1	(to the waiter) What are you still doin' here?! I told you, lobster ravioli!
2	Oh, I wouldn't miss this.
2	Oh, you're such a gentleman. (Grabs his arm.) Come on! We're going to my place! (Drags him off to her place.)
3	Are you eating the cheesecake without me?!
5	(with a mouthful) Mm-mmm. (Nods no.)
3	I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. (She tries to whistle and blows little chunks of cheesecake out of her mouth.) How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
5	Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are dessert stealers! We are living outside the law!
3	Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back! (Grabs the cheesecake and heads for his apartment.)
4	Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
3	But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
4	I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me.
3	Fine, I'll give the suit back.
0	(to Chandler) Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? (She has a really teasing look on her face and keeps twirling Chandler's beard.)
3	Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
4	Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
3	Because, if Santa and the Holiday Armadillo? (Ross nods) ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
4	Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
3	Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
4	All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
5	Oh wow! Look at this place!
4	Hi. (They shake hands.) It's nice to meet you. I used to have a friend named Joey. I don't anymore.
1	Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks! (Sits down.)
4	So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
4	That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
1	A woman in a man's body.
1	So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
4	That's right! Wait no, Ben.
1	So you've just married the one time then?
3	(thinks) That's the perfect amount!
0	(breaking the kiss) Y'know what's weird?
0	This doesn't feel weird!
0	You're a really good kisser.
3	Well, I have kissed over four women. (They kiss again.) Do you wanna get under the covers?
0	Wow! You are really fast!
3	It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
0	We're gonna see each other naked.
0	Do you wanna do it at the same time?
3	Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
0	Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
3	Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey! (Monica hides under the covers as Joey enters. Remember?)
3	Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e (Notices that the TV is turned off.)
1	Oh, dude I'm so sorry!
2	Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
5	Well why shouldn't I?!
2	Because it's my apartment!
5	Well, then I get to give him the cell phone.
2	Okay. All right. (Hands her the phone.) Good luck explaining all the calls to China.
2	(To Rachel) Wow! How long were we arguing for?
5	(laughs) You're not the man who left the cell phone.
2	Could you-could you umm, give us one second?
5	We'll be right back sir.
2	Can you believe this? (Rachel exhales in amazement.) We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
1	If he goes first he can!
5	(moving away) Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
5	(moves away again) I-I-I-I'm just I'm just a good kisser!
5	Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna
5	What the hell was that?!
2	I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
3	(yelling from the changing room) All right! I found one that fits!
5	Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so handsome.
2	Right. (Pause) Or you might get everything you've wanted since you were fifteen.
1	Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her twins at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. (Notices she's wiping her eyes.) What's the matter?
5	Really it's nothing. I'm just
1	Rach come on, what?
5	I've just been thinking about how my baby and I are gonna be all alone.
1	What are you talking about alone? What about Ross?
5	Oh please, he'll be with his real family, the twins and little miss new boobs.
1	Okay, how long was I watching that woman?
5	I'm just saying that y'know, someday Ross is gonna meet somebody and he's gonna have his own life. Right?
5	I just never thought I would raise this baby all by myself. Pretty dumb huh?
5	Joey. Honey what would I do without you?
1	You don't have to worry about that okay?
5	Oh, hon can you grab me my other box of tissues? They're right on that chair under Ross's coat.
5	(seeing the ring) Oh my God. (Pause) Okay.
4	Yeah, it really was!
4	Okay Phoebe, I guess you're next (To Joey) although I really don't see the point.
2	Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this today with Rachel while we were showering together, naked. (Raises her glass and drinks.)
1	And she's back in the game.
3	(she opens the door) Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
3	(To Monica) It's a nickname, I'll explain later.
3	Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
3	You-you-you didn't know that. (Pause as she nods no.) Well, I guess my work here is done!
1	All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel - Damnit!
4	I'm sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.
5	Well then I demand a recount! (Hmm, I wonder where I've heard that before.)
4	Actually, it wasn't that close.
5	No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous - We're gonna flip a coin! (Phoebe gasps.) All right?! (She flips the coin.) Heads! (Looks at the coin and grunts in disgust.)
2	The coins have finally forgiven me!
5	That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
1	See? That's a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. (Chandler immediately does The Face.) You're changing it!
1	All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
3	Borrow money from me?
1	Okay, first - first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down (Looks down), look down, keep looking down; then I look up. (Looks up and smiles.) See? All right, now you try. Look down (Chandler looks down), you're looking down, keep looking down
3	Why is there jelly on your shoe?
5	So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.
1	Yeah! That guy's alright!
5	Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
5	Y'know, all the women.
1	Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
5	All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just - And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him - but it just bothers me, all right?!
5	No Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it it has to work out.
5	Because, uh - it has to.
5	Yeah, I know, I do. I really do.
5	Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out! (They hug)
1	(through the window) All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it!
1	(realizes what he said) Street noise drowned any of that out? (Rachel moves madly towards him) No, all right, I see you later, okay... (Turns away embarrassed)
5	Uh, yeah, well, see, he Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
2	Yeah, and maybe that you're a real (She says something in Italian, and it doesn't matter what she said. It's not important so I don't need everyone who speaks Italian telling me what she said.)
2	Oh well, I guess Italian isn't one of the four languages you speak.
1	(returning) Hey! You wanna go?
1	Okay. See you guys later.
1	(whispers to Phoebe and Rachel) Hey, thank you so much. (They both exit.)
5	Wow. Well, I guess it was Cupid who brought her here.
2	No, just a regular old flying dwarf.
4	Yes? Yes?! How can I help you?
4	Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, (Grabs a book from the shelf behind him) perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
4	Ah Ah Get out of here! (The couple retreats. Ross starts looking through the previously mentioned book as a beautiful woman walks into the section.) Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion's views on evolution?
4	I find Marion's views far too progressionist.
5	Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
4	You have to respect the sea! (Storms off.)
5	Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
1	Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
5	Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
1	Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
5	Yeah, I didn't want you to get hit by the boom!
1	Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
5	All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
1	You won't boss me around anymore?
5	I won't boss you around.
1	And you'll be nice?
4	Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
4	He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
1	Dude, what are you massaging an old man for?
4	His daughter was hot.
0	Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
0	Eh, you work for that.
3	Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
3	Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
0	Oh, you're so sweet. (They hug and kiss.) Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
0	You thought about that?
0	How many kids were we gonna have?
3	No, did he hug you?!
3	Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
3	I'm a little busy here Paul.
3	Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. (Paul rushes over and hugs Chandler tightly.) Oh hey! There you go. (The hug continues.) Okay. (The hug continues.)
1	Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler, "What's going on?") Hi, Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)
3	Do you have my credit card?
1	Yes, it's in my In in my pocket. (Paul hasn't dropped him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!
1	Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
1	Come on! It'll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and Paul probably
0	Oh no! What's the matter?
3	Was his question what's more boring than him?
3	Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
0	Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
1	That's an idea! (To Chandler) Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
0	No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
1	That's great! That would be great! Let's do that!
3	I could use the money; it could give me time to write.
1	Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
1	All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don't need any assistance in there, take a break!
0	Hey Phoebe! Guess what?
0	Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
3	Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
4	Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
1	I don't know Ross, not if you're gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
4	I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
5	(entering from her room) Pheebs, I was wondering
5	Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
0	Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
5	Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
2	My God, I can't get a minute of peace around this place.
2	Oh my God! Monica's just gonna kill you.
5	Yeah, yeah, I know.
2	Well, what you're wearing is fine for that.
5	Well, my eye is a little itchy.
1	Ye-ye, we go to yours!
4	Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
1	How you got three women to marry you, I'll never know.
5	Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
2	Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel's dessert is...[about to say "bad"] so good that I eat all of it. There's none left for anybody else!
0	No, sweetie, I-I trust you.
5	So, if-if I mess this up, there's nothing else for dessert?
0	You're not gonna mess it up.
5	Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter's done?
0	Well, it's done about two minutes before it looks like that.
1	Oh, ooh the food smells great, Mon!
4	And the place looks so nice!
0	Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
1	Oh, yeah, good idea.
3	Hey man, what's up?
4	(sits down at the table) Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow. (Joey panics.)
1	Ooh, Ross, look! Look! (Points behind Ross.)
1	Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
4	What am I looking at?
1	(to the rest of the gang) Somebody help me out here!
2	Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
4	Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?
3	Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
4	Wow! How'd you get in there?
3	Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
3	Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.
3	Oh, okay. (Hands her the money.) Here you go.
3	Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
5	Pheebs? Could you get that? Please?
2	Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?
2	(smiles) Okay! (Goes to answer the phone.)
2	(answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Joey!
4	We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.)
4	(To Rachel) Hey, do you have any gum?
2	(running out) Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?
5	Oh but Phoebe, we're gonna be late for the movie.
2	Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! (The cab stops and she opens the door.) Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. (Pushes Rachel in and closes the door.)
5	Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
2	Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! (She bangs on the cab's roof and it pulls away.) (To Ross) You didn't get the annulment?!!
4	Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!"Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
2	Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
4	Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
2	(to her) Hey! Don't you give me any of your - Hey! (Sees Chandler and Monica standing there.)
0	What are you guys doing here?
1	Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn't that why you guys are here?
3	Yes! Well that-yes.
0	Why else would we be here?
1	Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?
3	We actually missed it.
2	What's the big deal, y'know? It's not like it's a real marriage.
2	Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you're only married in Vegas.
0	What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you're married everywhere.
2	Oh my God! - Eh! Well
4	Why are we in bed together?
5	I don't know. Do-do you have any clothes on?
4	No! But we-we didn't have sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
0	Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
3	Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
0	Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when - (realizes what she's about to say and changes) - people with babies come to visit.
1	Yeah, it's not mine.
1	Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?
2	What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
5	Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.
2	Maybe you could be my roommate!
5	Well there's an idea!!
5	That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?
5	(deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
4	Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
5	Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! (Grabs them from him.) All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
5	Op! You're peeping!
4	Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
1	Ross! So when is it gonna air?
5	Okay, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.
3	I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
2	Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.
5	We are looking for our Christmas presents from Monica.
3	What? That's terrible!
2	No-no, we do it every year!
3	Oh well, that makes it not terrible.
5	And I also brought my friend Joey
1	(behind them) Oh!! Shrimp toast! (Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)
5	Well, y'know I-I don't know where he is.
5	Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.
5	Thank you. (Mr. Thompson walks away and after he's left.) Okay, (writing her bid down) twenty dollars.
4	What's-what's going on?
4	Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
4	Oh! (Does a laugh/groan.) Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same
4	No! Okay! Okay! (Stops her.) Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second?
2	Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
0	Phoebe that's crazy!
1	I can't believe she would say that too you.
5	Yeah honey you don't believe her do you?
2	I don't - she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
3	Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
4	Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
4	(he starts reading directly from his cards word for word very quietly) "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct "
2	Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
4	(continuing) "subcategories. The first of these subcategories is "
4	I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
2	What do you mean, comforted her?
4	It's nothing, I just gave her a hug.
2	Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!
4	It's also a sign of friendship.
2	Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson. (Tries to take a bite out of Ross's cookie.)
2	Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
4	S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
2	Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! (Ross is staring at her dumbfounded.) Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
4	I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh coconutty. (Phoebe raises her eyebrows.) What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
2	(taking his coffee) Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
2	Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
1	Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.
1	I don't know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message."Jeez! (Exits.)
0	It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
1	I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
3	So, uh, wh-where ya from?
1	(shocked) From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
4	So uh, wha-uh, what do you do?
1	You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
0	Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
0	Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?
1	"When can you move in?"
4	Thank you for bringing her into our lives.
0	Oh, so you like her too Chandler?
3	Hey, look at all the boxes!
1	Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!
1	Well if it's free food, how come you're charging me for it?
1	Well, what if they came in third in a modeling contest?
1	(to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest) Sorry! (He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)
4	Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
4	I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
4	Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
3	Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
4	Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
4	Well, I'm not going to go now anyway (he goes to sit down).
1	Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
1	Uh, I don't know. Ya see, it's just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y'know? And to go from that to this, I just Plus, I'd have to wait on all my friends.
1	Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
0	(visibly upset) She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
0	It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
3	You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
0	That's a good idea.
0	Do you know what's a bad idea?
1	If you want, I'll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
2	(sees the table) Ooh, what a great table! Where-where did you get it?
2	Umm, a flea market?
5	Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
2	Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where (She's opening and closing the drawers) they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
2	Y'know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.
5	It was only 500 bucks.
2	500 bucks at a flea market?!
5	Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y'know like back then.
5	Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y'know, it was like a dollar.
5	And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.
3	(on machine) You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. (to himself) Yeah we are.
3	(on phone) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (Listens) Yes, the groom - No! Not the groom!!
5	It's so secluded up here.
5	I feel like we're the only two people in the world. (She sets down her wine class, picks up a walnut, and knocks another one on the floor.) Oops. Sorry. (She reaches down to pick it up and Ross hands it to her. Ross is hiding under the couch and causes Rachel to scream.)
5	No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I - would you - actually, would you go check on that?
5	Okay. (After Paul leaves Rachel drops to the floor to confront Ross.) What?! What are you doing here?!
4	Yeah, I recognize the ankles!
5	It's not random, it's Bob.
5	No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
5	Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge history
5	(changing the subject) Y'know Bob in Human Resources
5	Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just
5	Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
5	All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
5	I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!
1	(to the receptionist) Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
1	Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. (She just looks at him in horror.) Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
1	Thanks. (Starts to read it.) Well but this one starts now. (Points to one.)
1	Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
5	What the hell was that?!
4	A lesson in the importance of unagi. (He starts doing the finger thing every time now.)
1	(in his head) 2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me? (The camera widens its shot to reveal a room full of Joey look-a-likes. Joey looks at the guy next to him and then back at his script.)
4	(not turning around) Chandler. I sensed it was you.
4	Unagi. I'm always aware.
1	Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
2	Well, why don't you just get him fired?
1	I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. (His cell phone rings) Excuse me. (Answers it, on phone) Joey Tribbiani.
1	I'm the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
5	I was just getting him to like you.
5	Ross, Joey is not here.
4	Okay, I'll just wait for him in here!
5	Ross, it's okay. You can come out.
4	(coming out of the bedroom) Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
0	So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
1	This right here is where I keep the pizza. (He points to the chair.) And uh that's where the napkin is. (Points to the floor next to the chair.)
4	What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.
4	Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
4	Umm, it's Cutie McPretty.
4	Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
2	So did you sleep well last night?
5	I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.
2	Y'know what Joey left on my pillow?
1	The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
3	Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
1	How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
3	I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
1	Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
3	Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
3	You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
2	It's not that bad.
3	Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]
2	Chandler, Chandler.
3	I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi!
4	You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
3	Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
4	I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?
1	Or! You can just, y'know (He walks up close to whisper in Ross's ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)
4	What the hell are you doing?
4	What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
1	Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! (He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
1	All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
1	I still haven't gotten a check for your half yet.
1	I'm not talking to you! You broke my fridge!
4	Yes. Yes! Please, come in.
5	Ross, she's gonna start getting ready soon!
4	Well, can't you at least stall her a little? I'll-I'll go back to some of the places I went last night.
5	All right, well how much time do you need?
4	Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?
5	Then why do you ask?!
4	Okay, wish me luck.
2	Okay. I'm going with you.
2	Ross, you're tired. You've been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
5	All right, I'll see you guys later.
2	Okay. Wait, do you know how you're going to stall her?
5	I'll figure something out.
2	All right. Good luck.
0	Hey! Okay, so I thought we'd start with my make up and then do my hair.
5	Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag.
1	Oh. Okay. Hey, can I ride this outside?
5	Whatever! Okay, I'm not your mother.
5	Not in the street!!
5	Yeah, I'm doing okay. I'm um let's talk.
5	Ohh Tag, umm you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't
5	Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
5	Thank you! You're great! (They kiss.)
5	I It just - it took me so long to get that desk organized.
5	(looking at his butt) There it is. (They hug.)
3	(asking a man leaning against the wall) What is going on?
1	Yeah lady! Give us candy!!
3	What are you doing?
3	Get in here! (They head for the door and Chandler sees Smokes-A-Lot Lady standing next to the door and smoking, to her) Hey, and you can not smoke in here! (Takes the cigarette and takes a drag for himself.) (Exhaling in ecstasy) Merry Christmas.
0	(opening the door and frantically) Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
3	All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! (They settle down) What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
3	No not (imitating) Candy Lady.
1	(stepping in and knocking the man over) Hey, if we know it can we have candy?!!
3	All right, y'know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You've ruined it! Go home! You've ruined it! You've ruined it!
1	That's right, it's all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it! (Steps into the apartment and Chandler closes the door.) (Joey struts over to the candy and starts eating it.)
0	Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I've had such a craving for them.
3	Did you not understand the story?
4	Oh, nothin' much. Just trying to figure out what I'm gonna do for dinner.
4	(notices the table) Hey - Ooh! What's-what's that, dinner stuff? You making dinner?
4	What you got over there? Tacos?
0	No! No. They're umm They're just uh ground beef smileys. (Holding up one of the shells.)
4	Uhh, those are tacos.
0	Excuse me Mr. Mexico.
4	Eh, either way I'll pass. (Quietly to Chandler) I still can't eat those. (Monica is getting something out of the fridge and starts laughing.) What's so funny?!
0	(trying not to laugh) I'm not laughing.
3	Nancy Thompson's getting fired! (Monica slaps him on the shoulder.)
0	You're right. I mean I'm sorry. Yeah, I shouldn't be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you! (Runs off laughing which gets Chandler laughing.)
4	(To Chandler) How could you tell her?!
3	I had to okay?! We're getting married! Married couples can't keep secrets from one another!
5	Joey, you are not! You're 31.
5	Honey, Monica, this is ridiculous! Look
0	No-no, I-I really don't want to talk about it! I don't! (To Rachel) Especially with you. (Goes into her room.)
1	Psss, that is whack!
2	(she's strumming something) Yeah? (Joey nods yes.) Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
1	Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19,"and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
2	Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
1	Would she? (He smells something and gasps as he realizes what it is.) You ate my candy bar!
4	Hey, I just realized we kinda left some stuff up in the air
5	What do you think Monica meant when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
4	Still thinking about it huh?
5	Come on! Serious-ser-ser-seriously, what did she mean by that? (Mimicking Monica.) Especially you!
5	Y'know what, I-I have to go talk to her, would you let me just get changed?
3	I think I should get the chair!
5	No-no-no! This chair's not going anywhere.
3	Well, where's the logic in that?!
5	The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
3	So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing!
2	(to Marge) Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He's the supply manager around here.
2	(goes over to his desk) Earl! I'm Phoebe.
2	Umm, look it, you-you can't kill yourself.
2	No-no I can't! I can't let you do it!
2	Because it was fate that made me call you today!
5	Oh no-no-no-no-no, no you don't!
5	You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
3	Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
5	What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
5	Okay! (Grabs a knife and cuts it in half.) All right, pick a half.
3	(examining the cake) Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh There's more crust on this side. Y'know? So, maybe if I measured
5	Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
3	All right, I'll pick that one. (Points.)
5	Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
3	Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my (Rachel knocks the plate from his hand and it falls on the floor. That process leaves just the forkful Chandler has, Rachel starts to go after that little bit and Chandler retreats into his apartment.)
2	Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore - Ooh! New sconces!
5	(returning) Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
5	And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
5	Do you really not know where I'm going with this? (Phoebe nods, "No.") It left! It's one huge room!
2	Oh no! (She runs to see.) (Running back, excitedly) Oh! Wow!!!
2	Well, I guess we'll just have to put the wall back up.
5	You can't, because of the new skylight!
2	There's a skylight?! (Runs to see and yells from the bedroom.) Wow!!
5	So what should we do? Should we start looking for a new place?
2	(returning slowly) Y'know I'm-I'm sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
5	Oh yeah? Startin' to feel her again there are we?
2	A little bit, yeah.
5	Pheebs is your grandmother maybe saying that you should live here alone?
2	You heard her too?! You have the gift!
4	Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you ate some of her food?
1	(laughs that one off) Yeah. So uh Ross, well now - why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
1	No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
4	Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
1	Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
4	Hey you leave Marcel out of this!
1	Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
4	Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
1	When do you think we lost her?
1	Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bridesmaid, I just - Where are those condoms you brought?
3	They're in my bag over there. (Points.)
3	Uh, could you leave me one?
1	Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
1	All right, here you go buddy. (He tosses him one.) Go nuts. (Exits.)
1	That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
1	Oh (To Chandler) Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
2	Yeah, it's totally meant to be. (To Monica) Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
3	Who did you originally want to hook up with?
5	(turning and looking at Tom again) No-no they do but, you just have to wait.
5	(fake disappointment) All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
2	Yeah! You're such a great friend!
2	Oh that'd be me. Sir. (Hands him the cell phone.) After you.
1	Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you.
5	Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
1	That uh, that is my roommate Rachel.
0	(entering with Rachel) Oh my God! It's true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
0	Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?! (Points to her cheek.)
5	I don't want to say.
3	Oh, come on! I don't care! Come on! Whose is it?
5	Well y'know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower! (Runs out.)
2	(running after her) Rach, it's gonna be okay! (To Ross and Joey) You guys are the best!
1	Boy I tell ya, that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
1	Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch. (Raises his eyebrows, questioning Ross to see if he wants to join him.)
4	Why-why would I care about that?
1	No reason, I'm just saying that uh That's where I'll be.
3	As bad as that went, I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
0	Why don't you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn't have to apologize.
3	I would really love it if I could do both.
0	All right, I I have to ask.
0	Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?
0	Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
3	A hundred and forty-five pounds.
0	In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
3	Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
1	Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
3	I'm still right here!
5	All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this dating tons of women thing is!
5	I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush - And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But - I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
1	I know, Monica told me.
3	Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
3	Can you people not see me?! (He waves his arms around to get their attention.)
5	(To Joey) So, will you talk to him?
1	One! (Pause.) No ten! You said ten! You can't take that back!
1	I don't know. You uh, you got something for me?
5	No? (He shakes his head) All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
5	Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
5	Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
5	(she hurries after him) Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! (She takes a quick look down the street.) Oh look, there they go, okay. (She hurries in too)
0	Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
2	(doing Clunkers) Please don't leave me, I'll be lonely.
0	Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
0	Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! (She goes back to Clunkers again) Oooh, I can't leave her!
2	You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
0	That's not gonna work.
2	I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
4	I'm a professor here uh, Ross Geller.
4	Yes! You're the person who checked out my book?!
4	Well I uh, I skipped forth grade.
4	I am very very sorry.
2	So how was, how was your date?
1	Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
2	Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
1	No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky though because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
5	Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
1	And you'll be topless?
1	Do you want me to learn?!
0	Okay, here's batch 22. Oh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
4	Let's give it a shot.
2	Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?
0	No, just a Friday night.
4	Oh, these are pretty good.
2	Yeah, but not as good as batch 17.
4	Which one was that?
0	The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
2	Are there any more from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
4	Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh (Grabs a cookie and takes a big bite out of it and doesn't like it.) It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way! (Gets up and runs for the bathroom.)
3	Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
0	What else did you think about?
3	Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
0	(laughs) Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
0	No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.
3	I love you so much.
0	I love you. (They kiss.) Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
5	Who are you supposed to be?
5	Do you even know what a vicar is?
1	Like a goalie, right?
5	(sarcastically) Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough alright?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's - I'm not - it's just not funny anymore!
2	Chandler, I found the perfect ring. (Holding it out for her.)
3	Oh, that's uh, that's pretty nice but I'm gonna go with the one I picked first.
2	Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It's over!
2	Some guy bought it. I'm sorry. I tired to stop it but they (points to the jeweler) put me in jail!
3	They put you in jail?
2	The little jail between the doors!
3	Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
2	I know, I'm sorry! But y'know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
3	Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
2	Maybe it was the guy.
4	Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
1	No! He blew us off!
4	I can't believe it. (Pause) Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
1	Can I tell you something? Me too.
1	Ooooh! Freeze him out.
2	Ohh that's so sweet! (Her cell phone rings.) Oh! Hang on! (Quickly grabs a cigarette and starts to light it as her phone rings.) Hang onnnnnn!!! (Gets the cigarette lighted and answers the phone.) (On phone.) Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
4	Mon, look who I ran into! (Gestures towards Rachel.)
0	(gets up and gasps) Oh my God! Rachel!! (Rachel is stunned to see that her long lost friend is still fat.) (Monica goes over and gives Rachel a big bear hug, which is quite easy for her.) You look terrific!
5	Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight? (She's not quite sure of that one.)
0	You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
4	And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler. (Points to him.)
4	And that's Phoebe over there! (Points to her.)
0	Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
4	(answering it) 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
5	Oh yeah. Right. So now, are - do you, do you still do music?
4	Sometimes, you should come over (Joey returns from the bathroom) sometime! I'll play you one of my other
0	(grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
0	You're plans were with us.
0	All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
0	Okay! (To Rachel) Oh my God, thank you!!
2	Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves! (The guys scramble for the door.)
0	(entering and interrupting the guy's escape attempt) Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with
3	Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
0	I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
3	Yes, but for the last time.
0	Okay fine, now Ross
1	Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.
0	(To Rachel) Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.
5	Richard? I'm not gonna go see your ex-boyfriend!
3	Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!
0	Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
3	Okay, so Richard, Richard!
0	It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
5	Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!
4	Oh God, here we go!
4	Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! (He takes his finger and moves it towards his eye.)
5	(flinches) Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
4	Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I? (Pokes his eye)
5	(freaks) Ross! Stop it! Come on!
1	Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
4	Happy Thanksgiving!
1	Well, this has been great!
0	Whoa whoa whoa! Where're you goin'?
4	Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
0	Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
4	Some would say she's attractive, yes.
2	And who else is going to be there?
1	Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
5	Her dancer friends?
1	(frustrated) Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
4	(to Joey) Dude, we were good!
0	You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
3	(To Monica) Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?
0	No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
3	Hiya doin' pumpkin?
0	So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?
1	All right now, memorize it. (Pause) You got it?
1	(holding up the Queen of Clubs) Is that your card? (He winks and smiles.)
2	What are you talking about?!
1	You got to go on a ride along?!
1	I want to go on a ride along!
3	Yeah, yeah! Me too!
3	Well, I like danger.
3	Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime.
0	Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? (Hands her the photo.)
5	Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
0	You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
0	All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
5	Oops. Sorry! Well, good thing you number all of them, huh?
0	I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype.
4	What the hell was that?!
4	The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
3	I was not flirting.
4	It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut (Makes some whiney, nasally noises.)"
3	Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
3	You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. (Starts to move towards Ross.)
2	I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
5	No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.
2	Don't get me started on that.
3	I was not flirting.
4	And on your anniversary, for shame!
4	Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
1	Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
1	Uh, I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
2	Ohh! So you're 5639?!
1	That's it! Thanks Pheebs!
2	(to Joey) Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?
3	(To Phoebe) Is that Joey?! (She nods yes) Let me talk to him!
1	No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
1	Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
3	(To Phoebe) Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
1	Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on?
1	Don't come out here!
4	Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
2	Rachel is one of my closest friends. (Pause) Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
5	(to the driver) Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!
2	Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
5	I haven't seen it yet!
2	Well then you'd better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go! (Bangs on the roof again and off they go.)
3	Y'know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?
0	Of course! Joey wouldn't let you have one?
3	No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
0	Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
3	No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too "but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "go to the bathroom."He may think I'm sick.
0	Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
3	Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
1	(To Chandler)Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)
5	Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.
4	And we didn't have sex.
5	Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I'm just glad we didn't do anything stupid.
4	(getting up) Tell me about it. (He sits up on the edge of the bed and has "Just Married"written on his back.)
1	Mornin' Pheebs. (Sits down.) Well, my movie has officially been canceled.
2	Oh Joey, I'm so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
1	Nah, I'm too depressed to eat. I'll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I'll just fly home with you guys, what time's your flight?
1	I don't need that anymore.
2	No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.
1	I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. (Gets an idea.) Oh - ooh! How about you come with me?
2	I don't know, it's such a long trip.
1	It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
2	Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?
2	All right. Although I don't think we need one, I never stopped loving you.
3	So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?
5	Ross! Y'know what, I just got - why? Why did you do this?!
5	I don't wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"
4	Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
5	Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
4	What about the time I said we were on a break?
0	Pheebs, how's it going?
2	(rapidly) I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
0	Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
3	Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It's times like these I'm glad Smell-O-Vision hasn't been invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)
2	Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
3	See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
3	I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his finger.)
2	No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us that wily minx.
5	Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
3	No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
3	No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
2	Well then, you should look with us.
5	Chandler, aren't you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?
3	No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
2	Oh, that's it? (Mimics Chandler) A great idea!
5	Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
3	If I help, we can find 'em faster!
2	Ooh ooh, we have a live one!
2	Uh-oh. She may be onto us.
5	We are so gonna find them this year.
3	Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
3	You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
4	Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It's-it's gotten great reviews! Y'know the uh
2	Hey you guys! Look!
2	I got me some drinks!
5	What are you doing?
5	Well now it's an empty bar.
2	You just can't stand anyone else enjoying themselves can't you?
1	I won! That was my guess!
5	What?! What?! What?!
1	(interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
1	Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
4	Ohh! Okay! Okay. (Resumes reading word for word from the card) "There are three (pauses and looks at Joey) primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. (Pauses and darts his eyes between Chandler and Rachel.) (Rachel starts laughing) Each of these theories (glances at Phoebe) can be further subcategorized (glances at Chandler) into "
3	Why don't you open with a joke?
4	Open with a joke? It's a university, not a comedy club!
5	Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
5	Some uh, some visual aides.
1	Oh-ooh-ooh! Y'know what's a good visual aide?
4	Please don't say naked chicks.
4	I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
3	That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
1	Hey! Any good mail?
3	Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor's Guild.
0	Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
0	Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
3	Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
0	Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
0	I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
0	What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
3	I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
0	Are you mocking me?
3	No, I'm not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)
3	Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
1	But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
3	(reading the ad) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly."Nice!
5	Pheebs, I have to ask you
2	Shhhhhh! I'm swamped right now.
0	Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
4	Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
3	All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
1	Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
0	Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
1	Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
0	(chuckles) Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
1	You a little sad about that sweetheart?
2	I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.
2	Okay. (Starts running crazily with her arms flapping and her legs far apart) Come on! That's not running! Let's go! (Rachel pauses, then follows, embarrassed.)
2	Seriously, I don't Rachel's gonna think it's a good idea.
5	(entering) Hey! What's goin' on?
5	(notices Jill's bags) Jill! Did you shop?!
5	You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
2	Oh well, all right, I got (Ross hands her a bag) (To Ross) thank you, I got uh, this y'know "I want a job sweater."(Holds up the same sweater.)
2	And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.
2	Yeah, you never heard of them?
5	No, of course, of course I've heard of them! Ross, what did you get?
4	Huh? Oh, I got this - (Holds up this pink frilly thing) - this!
4	Yeah! Oh, I-I love this babies!
4	Ross, wants a pajmena?
0	That's right. (A noise comes from the living room.) Did you hear something?
3	Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
0	It's coming from the living room.
1	(sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back to bed.)
5	Monica, what are you doing?
2	I guess it was kinda funny.
2	Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're just kinda high maintenance - Okay let's go to lunch!
0	That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
2	No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
5	(To Monica) Well, people are different.
2	Ya, you know, Rachel she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
5	What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
2	Oh, okay, (laughing) you're not a pushover.
5	Oh my you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch. (She leaves)
2	Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
2	Well, what period is it from?
5	Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
2	Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or
5	Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.
2	(gasps) White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.
4	It's my new apothecary table!
5	Ross! Phoebe's gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!
5	I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
4	Why did you do that?
5	Op, ice. I need ice.
4	(under the couch) You and your ice.
5	Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! (Ross gets up and heads for the kitchen.) No! Not in there! He's in there! (She points Ross to the door next to the kitchen.)
4	(before entering) Did you really hear a bear?
5	Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
5	Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
0	You're jealous of Princess Caroline?
5	Do I have my own castle?
4	Hey! Uh, Phoebe's not here is she?
0	(noticing the bag Joey's carrying) Oh great! Did you get a movie?
1	Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don't think it's the kind you're gonna like.
3	You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
0	Guys, what's going on?
1	(holds up the movie) Phoebe's a porn star!
3	Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer.
0	That's Phoebe! Where did you get that?
1	Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
4	And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there. (They all kinda look at him.)
5	Wow! I mean, I just - I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
0	This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
3	Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
3	Okay, are you aware unagi (does the finger thing) is an eel?
3	I can't figure out what to make Monica.
4	Oh, why don't you make her one of your little jokes.
3	I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
4	Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. (Picks up a model of the Saturn V rocket, that's the one that took man to the moon.) Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
3	Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
4	Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely. (Apollo 8 was the first one that orbited the moon and the one that read the Christmas Story from the orbit of the moon on Christmas Eve, 1968. They also took the famous Earthrise picture of the Earth rising over the moon.)
3	Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
3	Because it says "Captain Ross"on the side and "I hate Monica"on the bottom.
5	Ahhhhh, salmon skin roll. (She does the finger thing.)
3	Okay. Okay. (He goes to the closet, moves the clothes out of the way, and notices an empty hanger. He takes the empty hanger and bends it all out of shape. Then he holds it out as if he's giving it to her.) Yes honey, I made it myself. (He throws it down and goes to her chest, grabs something, goes to the bed table, and takes out a pair of scissors. He turns around and holds the scissors to the crotch of the panties he just removed.) I can't do it. I can't do it. (He throws them both down and continues looking. He opens another closet door and finds a tape.) Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!! (He runs out into the living room.)
3	Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
0	Sure! Okay, you go first.
3	Okay, come here! Come here.
4	What-what-what the - how da-how did-what the-how did-what?!
5	Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them
5	No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
5	Ross, what's the big deal? So I kissed the guy!
4	He is my girlfriend's father, okay? It's-it's, it's weird!
5	Wh - You dated my sister!
4	That was different!
4	How is that important?
1	Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
0	Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
1	Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
2	Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle!
2	I don't use a curling iron.
5	Well, don't look at me! My hair's straight! Straight! Straight! Straight!
1	This is where I keep the pizza. (It's the same location as before.) And - Hey! Where did the napkin go?! (The napkin is not in it's spot.)
0	Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
0	Does that smell bother you?
2	What the smell from Joey's? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
0	Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
2	I can smell it a little, bake the pie.
0	Hello? (Listens) Oh yes, one minute please. (To Phoebe) It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
3	Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and
1	And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
3	No! No! No! I just kissed her.
1	What?!! That's even worse!!
3	How is that worse?!
1	I don't know! But it's the same!
3	You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
1	Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
3	Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
1	(getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
3	What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
1	Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
1	I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
3	Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
3	...And what did you bring?
4	Yeah, it kinda grows on you. (They both laugh.) Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
4	Look, I (He has trouble sitting in his chair.) Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
4	That! Let's talk about that.
0	Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
4	Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
3	Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? (Does a little whooping/party noise.)
4	What's-what's the difference?
0	Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you're doing frat guys.
4	Hey, y'know what? Not all spring breaks are like that.
2	What did you do on yours?
4	I went to Egypt with my dad.
5	Okay uh, but before you do that. I-I, I need you to talk to me.
5	Umm I'm never gonna getting married!
0	Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
5	No Monica! I'm serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
0	Any woman would be lucky to have ya.
5	Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
0	(jumping up) Rachel! You okay?
1	Excuse me, Aaron? (The director turns around.) Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
1	I'm having surgery!
1	Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn't want you to worry about me. But, I'm having surgery today.
1	It's not on my head.
5	Yeah, it is! But you're just a kid! I mean you're 25!
5	Oh God! Y'know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I'm wishin' for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
5	Oh, if I only want two kids, can I keep him for another year?
2	You did the right thing.
1	(entering, limping, and holding his arm) I don't like this anymore. (He sits down with them in pain.)
3	Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds.
4	God, do you realize in ten years we're gonna be 40?
1	(crying) Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?! (He buries his head in Ross's shoulder.)
4	Yes! My baby's finally free!
1	All-all right! (They run and jump in the car.) Start it up! Let's go!
4	You wanna buy a car?
3	No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh - are you okay?
0	I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
1	(with his mouth full) Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know (Grabs the note.)
2	I can't believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I'd be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
4	Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
2	Don't be so corny Ross, it's not an after-school special. (She rides off and the camera pans down to reveal two shiny, silver training wheels firmly attached.)
4	Oh really? Well I-I guess Monica should know about Atlantic City.
0	(running up to Ross) What happened in Atlantic City?!
4	Well, Chandler and I are in a bar
3	Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
4	And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you're thinking, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you're right, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls.
0	(To Chandler) You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
3	In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
4	Oh Mon, I laughed so hard
3	Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?
4	Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
2	Hey - Ooh, how's Hilda? Is she working out?
5	Ohh, my new assistant is working out, yes.
1	Was she happy you gave her the job?
5	Oh, my-my new assistant was very happy that I hired my new assistant.
0	I can't believe her, y'know it's just - it's so typical.
3	We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la (mumbles something).
3	Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
0	(in a French accent) Bonjour, monsieur.
3	Okay, don't say anything, you might scare it away.
3	It's Paris, who knows we're here!
0	(opening the door) Hi Pheebs, what's up? (She enters.)
2	Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I'm just gonna need a small deposit.
2	Y'know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
3	Pheebs, we're not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
1	They break your heart, don't they?
2	Y'know, I don't really need their permission.
2	I'm not gonna give you tips! Look don't you see that this-this this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
2	Oh. Well umm, okay here's a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
2	Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
2	Sure! (Thinks.) Umm, where are you from?
2	Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I've got-I've got goose bumps. (She holds out her arm.)
2	Well, y'know I'm wearing layers and it's warm.
4	Oh, hey Aunt Millie.
4	Yes, yes it is. It's uh (Aunt Millie uses this opportunity to grab Ross and kiss him on the lips. After she leaves Ross quickly wipes his mouth with a napkin.) Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?!
0	Here's Frannie. Hmm, won't she be happy to see me? (Starts to get up and greet Frannie.)
4	Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn't bring you here so you can ambush her.
0	Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
4	(to Frannie) Hi Frannie, congratulations.
0	You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What - Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! (Frannie's husband walks up.) Stuart!
2	Are you sure? I'll bet there's another flight to Minsk in like
2	That's really beautiful. What does it mean?
2	That's good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
5	Phoebe, it's okay. I like living with Joey.
5	Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
5	I know. (They hug.) Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
2	No, I do not hear that.
4	and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for
4	That's right, and that's why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end.
5	(seeing the collection of characters.) Wow! It looks like the Easter Bunny's funeral in here.
4	Come on, come on, we're-we're-we're lighting the candles!
1	(yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
5	Joey, would you just come out here and stop being such a baby!
4	Probably around gonorrhea.
3	Hi, honey! I'm home!
0	(from the bedroom) Don't come in here!
3	Why? Do you have another boyfriend in there or something?
0	No! We only mess around at his place!
3	Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scaring me. So could you come out here please?
0	No, I'm wearing a wedding dress.
3	Oh you got a wedding dress? That's great!
0	Yeah but I'm not keeping it.
3	Well then why can't I see it?
0	Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can't like it.
3	Okay I promise. I'll-I'll hate it. (She enters.) Wow! You-you look hideous.
3	Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you have to return it?
0	Oh because it doesn't really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
1	Yeah baby! (Chandler glares at him.) No baby!
3	(To Monica) So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
0	No, because it-it didn't seem important.
3	Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bridesmaid you'd be marrying him (Points to Joey) not me!
1	And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv - (Shuts up on Monica's glare.)
3	I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
0	Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
1	Hey! (Monica turns and looks at him) Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
3	(To Joey) Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
1	What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bridesmaid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! (To Monica) I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way too big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
3	Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
0	Wait Chandler come on, let's - it's not a big deal!
5	God. You seem really, really nice.
5	I mean n-not-not fake at all like most famous people.
1	All right, here we go. (He grabs them and starts to pull them out of the apartment.)
0	(breaks away) Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! (To Cecilia) Umm, you're a stupid bitch.
5	You are so beautiful.
1	Thanks for stopping by. See ya! (Throws them out and closes the door.) (To Cecilia) I-I am so sorry. I
1	They sent me today's script! They never send the script!
1	Well no, I'm just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! (Realizes what that means.) Oh
1	(flipping to the last page) Ew, you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
1	Yeah well, I'm guessing after this she's not going to be crazy about electricity either.
4	now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
0	Well That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
3	Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
3	You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
0	What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
3	Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. (Monica glares at him.) See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
3	So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
0	Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
3	I'd carry you around in my pocket.
3	Skidmark's still got a way with the ladies.
5	Hi! I just want to apologize. I'm really sorry I was a baby.
2	That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. (Rachel looks at her.) Oh, you mean today.
5	Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
5	Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case
1	Ten. Okay. Now Tag there's such a thing as too many women.
0	(seeing him approach) Hey! There you are!
3	Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
3	Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
0	Chandler, what were you thinking?
3	I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. (They get ready) Okay, see? Look down (Looks down), look down, look down (He falls asleep.)
3	(awakens) Yeah! (Looks up and does The Face.)
2	So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
2	Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
2	You think he's emotionally unavailable?
2	Well, maybe he wouldn't be if she didn't bring the office home every night!
0	Hey! I didn't know either.
2	Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you?
3	How did you know? (Heads back into the bathroom)
4	Hey! What's she doing back here?
0	Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
4	Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
2	(interrupts him) No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
4	Yeah, but, but look what I'm...
2	See, this is exactly what we do not have time for. (She rushes into her room)
4	Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.
4	Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.
3	Well, I, I should go in there.
1	Where are you gettin' this?
5	Well, she told me. She said she's kind of a loner.
1	No hey Rach, it's cool okay? Y'know I'm a loner too! (Heads for his room.) Right?
2	Hey Joey, y'know what? You are way too good for her.
5	Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell 'em you're not looking for a relationship.
1	No! No. Don't do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
5	Well that too. (Joey goes into his room.) Joey?
5	Do you want some pancakes?
0	What are we gonna do?
3	(To Monica) Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
0	Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
5	Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. (Joey pauses as he tries to remember which side is the port side.) Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
5	It's left sweetie, but that's okay sweetie, that's a tough one.
1	I don't know why you just don't say left.
5	Okay, go to the left. (Joey goes starboard or sits on the right side of the boat.) The left!
5	(yelling) Just sit over there!! (Points to the port side.)
1	(hurrying over) Okay! Okay, you're yelling again! See that?
5	No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.
1	Oh, y'know what? Since I'm here, I think I'm gonna have me a little beer on the port side. (Grabs and opens one.)
5	Okay Joey, we're luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham? (The mainsail has started to flap in the wind and has stopped working efficiently; she wants him to tighten it so that it starts working again.)
1	Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn't know there.
5	Joey, come on! We just went over this! (She does it instead.)
1	Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
1	All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
5	What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
1	All right, I'm sorry. Rach I - Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn. (Giggles.)
5	All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
5	(starting to move closer to him) That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
1	(nervously backing away) I-I-I-I did? (He puts a stool in front of her.)
5	(moves the stool out of the way) Yeah! Ohh, I've been waitin' so long to get on that body!
5	Yeah that's right! Come on Joey; sex me up!
1	Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
1	I don't want to, I'm scared.
4	Eh? We'll show him!
1	From now on, it's gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. (They shake hands.) Okay! We're gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
5	Ah that's great. No actually that's (In a sexy voice) That's great! That's really great! Y'know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.
5	Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, (sits on the counter and buttons her sweater to show some cleavage) get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
5	I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
5	Oh I'm sorry. I I-I don't mean - I didn't mean to stifle you. I This is all just a little overwhelming.
5	I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. (Feeling his shoulder.) And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm (Nods in the direction of the bedroom.)
0	Rach, he's a friend of ours.
5	(stunned) You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?
3	Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
5	He's coming over! He's coming over!
0	Ohhh! (Takes the plate.) No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
5	(still not quite able to look at him) Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you
1	Well, it's always nice to meet the fans.
1	(turning and whispering to Monica) She's not crazy is she?
1	(To Rachel) So uh, how you doin'?
2	Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! (Answering the phone.) Go!! Who's this? (Listens) Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? (Listens) What kind of name is Brendy? I Whatever Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
1	(entering) Hey there you are!
3	Uh-oh, it's my boss!
1	All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine! (Exits.)
4	Oh, but-but I can't do it.
4	Because, because I've got Ben.
0	It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
3	He's at a dinner party.
0	Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
4	Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
0	All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachel's room.)
4	(to the guys) I gotta go make a fake Ben.
1	Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
3	Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
1	Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
5	Good, you guys are all here!
1	Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!
1	I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
5	Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
2	Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
2	You wanna work on your interview skills?
2	Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
2	Very good handshake, good wrist action.
2	Okay. (They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly) Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! (Rubbing her hand.)
4	Chandler!!! Chandler!!! (He opens the door to the apartment but is stopped by the chain; Chandler and Monica quickly stop making out and try to get dressed.) Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
3	(To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window.)
0	What are you doing?!
3	Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
0	Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. (They go to the door. Ross is trying to stick his hand through and undo the chain; Monica pushes his hand back.) (To Ross) Hold on! (She opens the door.) Hey Ross. What's up bro?
4	What the hell are doing?!!
5	(running from the guy's apartment with Joey in tow) Hey, what's-what's going on?!
1	(panicking) Dude! He's right there!
4	(To Chandler) I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
3	Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
0	I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
1	What are you guys doing up?
3	Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
3	Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. (To Monica) Hey, how about maroon?
0	(checks to see if it works) Yes, you are so smart! (Kisses him.)
1	Aww, you guys are so cute!
1	All right, I'll see you in the morning.
5	(looking at the bill) Uhh, we still need a tip.
2	All right. Hold on. (She starts digging in the chair.) I got it. Nickel! (Donates it.) How much more do we need?
2	(looking out the window) Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
5	I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.
4	Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.
5	Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.
3	And we're done with the chicken fried rice.
4	Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!
4	It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
1	Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
4	Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
1	Me too! Me too! Me too! (Yeah, he does the same thing.)
5	Just stop it! Come on!
3	You okay there man?
1	Yeah, I got too excited!
4	All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
2	Ohh, give him a kiss for me!
2	(after he's gone) I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
3	Wow umm, calm down.
0	Why are so mad at him?
2	Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?
0	Well, it just seems that
2	You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
3	Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
2	Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross"on it.
2	Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
4	Oh, but-but it is, uh, it's just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
1	Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
0	Dad [kisses Jack], Mom [kisses Judy]. Look! Look who it is it's Chandler!
3	Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
3	Whoa, snowing out there?
0	Dad, Chandler was just laughing at your joke.
2	Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
2	Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad"and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
5	I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
0	Y'know dad, Chandler is one of Ross's very best friends!
3	Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y'know I've always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
0	I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
2	So, what movie should we see?
0	(sitting down) Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
0	He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
2	I can't believe this!
3	(terrified) Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
0	Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
3	Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go! (Breathes a sigh of relief)
4	(sets Ben down) Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
1	(reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him, then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean, way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up, which Ben returns.) Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
4	I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings
5	(entering from her room) Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!
3	Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
0	Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
5	Okay guys, way to wish me luck!
2	Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
1	Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
2	Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
0	I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
1	Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!
2	Okay, great so do you want to do it together?
0	I would love to do it together!
5	Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
4	Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
5	No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
0	All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
5	Okay, you want me to stop at the ATM?
0	Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around
0	What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that!
4	(to Gary) That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.
3	It is starting to get dark out there.
4	(to Gary) He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!
3	(laughing) Okay. (Deadpan) But it is officially nighttime.
4	Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?
3	I was not and oh God, shh!
4	Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
3	Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
4	Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
4	And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little
5	Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
2	(looking through the pizzas) Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
4	This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
2	See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
1	(entering, with his grandmother) Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!
1	Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
3	I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. (She just stares at him.) I've done it again.
3	No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
1	I got that! I forgive ya! Don't come out here!
3	Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week!
1	Well, I'm totally over it Chandler. Friends forever! Don't come out here!
2	Monica! I'm sorry I'm late! (Starts looking around for her) Monica? (Goes into Monica's bedroom.)
0	(entering) Phoebe? (Phoebe comes back into the living room) Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
2	(saddened) It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
0	Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
2	Richard Simmons?! Oh my God!
0	Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
2	Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
0	It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
2	That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
2	But again, Simmons. Go on.
0	The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
2	Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
0	Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
0	Joey, we have something to tell you.
1	Oh my God! You're pregnant!
3	No-o-o! (To Monica) No? (She nods no.) No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
1	Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh Hey! I'm really happy for you guys! Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)
0	Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!
1	Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door, pauses, and turns back.) Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
3	Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
1	(To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm Oh-oh he always, he always umm - Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)
0	Hey, have you seen Rachel?
0	I have some pretty exciting news!
2	Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.
1	Where is the waitress?! I'm starving!
1	Oh, here's where I win all my money back! (Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)
3	Listen, I gotta talk to you.
3	Monica and I almost got married last night.
3	Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
1	Oh! Tell her she's not marriage material.
1	Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she's anything like me, she's just gonna be relieved.
0	How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
2	Good! Good! I was just testing you.
0	Oh hi! Hi! Y'know, we were just talking about bacon.
2	No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable.
3	Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or
2	That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
3	Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
0	This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
2	Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.
1	Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
3	Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
1	You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
3	What equity investments?
1	The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
0	Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
3	You don't even have a car!
0	I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
1	Yeah, she tops out at 130.
3	Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! (He does a weird clicky motion with his fingers, that kinda hard to describe.)
0	Okay, here comes another camera.
4	Right. No biggie. Stay loose.
4	Why do they keep doing that?
0	If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
4	Hey, what'd you guys do to get up on there?
0	Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
5	Joey! It is an auction! You don't guess, you buy!
1	What?! I don't have 20,000!
2	Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a salute.]
0	What are you doing?
3	(trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart) One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. (Laughs.) I remembered it. (It's a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends.) The champagne is here. (The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.)
3	Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything - are you - are you perrr-perfect?!
0	Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually - I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
3	Oh, yeah. (Starts to take it off and then realizes) Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
0	(laughs) Are you sure you're okay?
3	Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
3	Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with
3	(not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation) I know, but just let me say it.
0	Oh my God, Richard. (Yep, Richard's back.)
3	What?! I'm Chandler! (She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks) Oh, that's Richard!
1	Ooh, it's probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I'm kinda .
3	(opens and reads it) "Benefits lapsed."
1	Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
3	Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
1	(reads it) Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
3	I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to (pauses) stop catching on fire.
1	All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I'm gonna go see my agent.
3	Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
1	(mocks him, in a whiney voice) look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)
5	Hey Pheebs, you're still alive! How are you doing?
5	Pheebs, what-what are you doing?
2	I was preparing you for my - didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
5	Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
2	Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can.
5	You're just staring into space.
2	Umm, I'm trying to move that pencil. (There's a pencil lying on the table.)
5	Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; (Points to one and starts to read it.) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly."It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
2	Wait, no, look at this! (Points to one.) (Reading) "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay "Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
4	Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?
4	Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
5	That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
4	Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. (Rachel just looks at him.) Here's Warren's number.
5	Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! (Jumps up.) Oh, thank you!
4	Okay, you go grab it!
5	You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
4	Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
5	Oh! I used to do that too!
0	So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
5	Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
0	Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
5	You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth.
5	Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!
2	Why? Why would you do that?
0	I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
3	OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. (Turns around and sees that Joey isn't there.) Joe? (Hears giggling coming from a box) Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. (Hears the giggling again)
3	(pretending) Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
1	Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
5	Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
4	Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one. (Holds it up for her.)
4	Oh yeah, how about you and the, (mimics her fake cry) "I'm sorry!"
2	What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
2	(gets up and sits between them) Okay-okay, why don't I sit here and you'll both stop it!
0	Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let's do something crazy!
3	I know, let's rest and drink lots of fluids. (Holds up a glass of orange juice.)
0	Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
3	That would be impossible to resist if you weren't all drippy here. (Points to his nose.)
5	I cannot believe her.
0	I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
5	Oh, oh, I love that Japanese place.
0	I'm sick of Japanese. We're not going there.
5	All right, wherever you wanna go is cool.
4	(showing the Playboy magazine to Gunther) Oh, hey, Gunther, check this out.
1	Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, 'cause I'm heading up there.
4	Uh, yeah, I'll take a coffee. Thanks, man.
1	Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? 'Cause I'm going up there.
1	(to a table of strangers) You guys need anything, 'cause I'm heading up there.
0	Joey, what are you doing?
1	Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a 'what's wrong with you?' look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)
5	Joey, honey, I don't think you're supposed to go back there.
5	I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. (Ross looks at his table.) So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
5	Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!
5	Ross, get over it! It's not like she hates you.
5	Ross, she's not weird, she just wants her stuff to be one of a kind.
4	Huh. Y'know what's not one of a kind? A twin!
5	Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
2	Okay. Hey - Ooh, cool sheets! (Notices the sheet over the table.)
4	Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?
5	He got it a flea market!
2	You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
0	The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
3	And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. (Hands it to him.) You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
5	Well, why do y'know go in that room (points to the room Ross is in) and do your homework?
5	That's your, that's your dad's bedroom. (Yelling) That's your dad's bedroom!
3	(gets up) See you later. (Starts to leave.)
0	What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!
3	(angrily) Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask! (He storms out.)
0	Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
3	(on machine) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (The machine beeps off.)
0	Yes, but you are dead inside.
1	All right well, I'd better take that back.
1	We can't watch that! I mean that's Phoebe!
0	Yeah you're right, we can't - we shouldn't watch this.
0	(hands the tape back to Joey, but doesn't let him grab it) Y'know maybe a little bit!
5	Probably just the first half.
1	No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe's our friend! Well, I'm not gonna watch it!
4	Yeah! Good for you Joe!
0	Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
3	Her ankle is what you're watching?
5	Well it's hard to tell (Rachel gets up to get a closer look, only she's having some trouble.) Oh God, if she would just stop moving.
3	She's just doing her job!
1	(sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!
5	Oh, it's a tattoo! That's weird, Phoebe doesn't Wait that's Ursula! That's not Phoebe that is Ursula!
1	Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
3	Now, it's not wrapped because I just, just finished it.
3	But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.
3	(momentarily terrified) Maybe we'll have to listen and see!
0	Oh, I love it! Thank you so much!
0	Okay, you ready to open yours?
0	Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?
0	Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
3	I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
3	Oh, it's okay. I don't
3	(thinking it over) Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape. (They both run into the bedroom.)
0	Oops! (Covers its eyes.) Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
3	You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.
0	We have got to wash that! (Referring to the sock bunny.)
0	No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
1	That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. (Starts to leave, but stops and turns to Phoebe.) Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs. (Exits.)
3	So do you think uh, Joey's more charming than me?
0	Yeah! That's why I'm sleeping with him on the side.
0	Phoebe, stop writing about us!
2	I'm not writing about you! I'm writing about other people.
2	Marcia and Chester.
0	Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I'll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
0	(writing on a piece of paper) Phyllis is sitting in a chair.
2	I see what you're doing!
0	(still writing) Phyllis sees what I'm doing.
2	Oh! (Takes the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Yeah this is Phoebe. (Listens) Really?!
1	(in a funny voice) Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. (Rachel prompts him on what to say next.) No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is (Phoebe suddenly enters.) Uhh Uhh Okay. Well, I have to go now. (Phoebe leaves.)
4	We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. (Joey makes the international sign for big boobies.) (To Monica) A concept lost on some people!
0	So it's okay to date a student.
4	Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
0	Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
4	Yeah. What-what should I do?
1	Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
0	Joey that is so sweet.
1	Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
1	You couldn't do it?!
3	Hey, relax I just need more time. We're going to dinner tonight.
0	What?! You're going out with her again!
4	Going out with who?
3	Uh, Dana Keystone from college.
4	Oh yeah! Wasn't she uh (Does the international sign for big boobies.)
3	Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
1	No way! I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
3	Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
1	That's how they do pants! Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
4	Yes, yes it is. In prison!
3	I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
0	Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? (Chandler has a disgusted look on his face.) Apparently you're not very good at it! I
3	Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
5	Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
3	Y'know what? I-I kinda have.
5	Already? That's pretty bad what you did.
3	You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
5	I'm sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y'know, you fight, you make up, it's just the way it works.
5	Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
3	I can see it now, "Look dad, it's the Sphinx!"(Does that party noise again.)
4	Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!"(Imitates the party noise.) All right? I mean she's taken my class!
0	And slept with the professor.
4	I'm gonna call her.
5	Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.
5	Oh yes! Thank you! (He does so and Rachel sits down on the couch.)
2	Rachel, what the hell is this?!
2	You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
5	You found me a guy?
0	Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
2	Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
5	Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
3	Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
2	So, Sebastian, do you do any volunteer work?
1	Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
4	We are never gonna find him! He's one guy in a huge city!
2	Oh my God! Is that him? (She points at someone.)
4	That is an old, Chinese woman!
2	He could be in disguise, y'know.
4	Aw, y'know Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
4	So this is your office?
3	How did you guys find me? I knew I should've hid at the gym!
2	What the hell are you doing?!
3	Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
4	She's fine. She doesn't know you're gone. And she doesn't have to know, okay? Now come on, we're going home.
3	No! No! No! I can't do that!
3	Because if I go home, we're gonna become the Bings! I can't be the Bings!
1	(on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? (To Phoebe and Rachel) It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? (On phone) Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. (Listens) Canceled?! (Listens) Like they're taking it off the air? (Listens) Ohh. (Listens) All right, see you Monday. (Listens) We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! (Listens) All right, bye! (Hangs up) They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
1	Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?!
3	You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
4	All right! All right! Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-a-like contest and won!
3	Ross came in fourth and cried!
4	Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
0	I-I already told him everything! (Threateningly) You shush!!
4	Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
4	Monica couldn't tell time 'til she was 13!
0	It's hard for some people!
1	Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
2	Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you You gotta do something about your eyes.
1	What?! What's wrong with my eyes.
2	They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. (Joey nods in agreement.) Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
1	And that'll get rid of my wisdom?
2	Maybe just 10 minutes for you.
3	Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don't care!
5	Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
3	What a great apology! (To Monica) And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
5	No-no, seriously-seriously, what was the especially me part about?
0	Well, let's just say it's not the first time you've stolen my thunder.
4	(To Rachel) Hey, here's a thought.
5	Monica, what are you talking about?
0	My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
0	It's all everybody at the party could talk about!
2	But if - no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
2	Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. (To All) Hey! Guys! (Everyone looks up.) (To Earl) Oh no, it's you.
4	All right. I think it was a mouse.
0	How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
4	Well, what about me?! I'm a medical marvel!!
0	Do you guys know what happened to Chandler's barcalounger?
5	Oh yeah, Joey broke it. Had to get rid of it.
2	You're right! You're right. Don't say it.
2	(seeing him) Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
1	No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just Oh Pheebs, come here. (He hugs her.) Are you okay?
2	No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never I may never see him again. (Crying.)
1	Hey, y'know you could always visit him.
2	Oh right, like they're gonna let me have a passport.
1	Anything I can do? Whatever you need.
2	Well - But - Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y'know before he does, then he can come back. (They hug again.)
1	I can give it a shot.
5	Oh! Yay! Look! There's a piece that doesn't have floor on it!
3	Stick to your side!
3	Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
0	Okay! But you can't rip it. Well, maybe a little.
0	(entering) Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? (They ignore her.) Guys?
3	(without turning around) I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
0	Alright, what's going on?
0	I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone. (She heads for the bedroom.)
4	Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
1	Yeah! (Monica goes in the bedroom.) Y'know, she could use a little (Whistles that she needs to do what they're doing.) (Something happens on the game.) Oh nice shot!!! (They all cheer.)
5	So now what have we agreed?
4	Rachel! What are you doing here?
5	I'm just visiting my good friend Carol.
4	What's her last name?
4	Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
5	All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you but you were so mad already!
4	Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
4	You have a line down your face.
5	Okay, maybe they are not funny to you
5	Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
4	Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
5	(giggles) (To Ross) I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks.
4	(To Rachel) Do you wanna start telling secrets?
4	(stands up) Now umm, remember I'm still learning.
4	One, two, three, four!
4	You know the song! Sing along!
1	(as Jessica) I don't think so.
2	Oh that's so sweet thanks.
5	And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. (Starting to cry.) I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
2	This stuff is great!
5	Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. (Starts to cry again.) Yeah
2	Y'know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica's maid of honor.
2	Because I think it means more to you.
5	But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
2	It's fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14? (She's referring to the Halloween picture.)
5	No, I was ten. I just developed early.
0	(entering) Hey, what's going on?
2	Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
4	Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
2	Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year's Eve 1997.
2	(gets up and starts to leave) We want the last six years back!!
4	So do we!! So do we!! (Ross notices a couple has been staring at them.) I'm sorry you had to see that.
5	Hi! (He hands her her mail) Thanks, hey so uh what'd you do last night?
5	Oh yeah? Another night of bird-dogging the chickas?
5	Wow! I did not see that coming.
5	Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
4	Because you sent away the dog!
3	This is ridiculous. (He heads for Phoebe's bedroom)
1	(entering) Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! (Sees that Chandler has a worried look on his face) What's the matter?
3	Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
1	So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
3	Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
1	Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
3	And that doesn't scare you? (He walks out)
1	Ross, you need some help?
4	From you? (He does a weird desperate laughter, like he's almost crying) Yes, please!
1	(sits down next to Ross) First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up!
4	I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.
1	Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
5	Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? (In a girlish voice) I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. (Back to normal again) Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
1	If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah.
0	(To Chandler) Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
3	Aren't you just a tinsy bit curious?
0	Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.
0	We'll just we'll just let her stay.
0	Kinda like your barcalounger.
3	Is that what you're thinking about right now?
3	Janice, I'm sorry but umm, you can't stay here tonight.
0	Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
5	Because you're not finished yet and I won't have it! Greens do not quit!
1	Greens? I'm a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
5	Oh my God, wait did I - I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? (Pause) (Angrily) Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
1	Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
5	No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, oh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
1	Well, hey I did learn.
1	Yeah, it's okay. I know what a mainsail is. (Points to it. It's the larger sail.) I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
2	Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
2	Oh yeah - No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
0	Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
4	Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
4	That's the day you're gonna die? See - darnit, I've got shuffleboard that day.
3	I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
2	It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
3	No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. (Does so and laughs.) Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
2	Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
2	Well you certainly can't give her that stupid gumball ring.
3	Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
2	Wow! You're good! After this, we should solve crimes.
3	Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him.
2	Oh, okay. (Walks over to him.) Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.
3	(to him) Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. (The guy isn't sure.) But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. (Looking at the ring.) Ew.
2	Wow! I would trade.
3	(reading the list) Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
0	(laughs) You realize what you are don't you?
2	No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
2	What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
2	(louder) My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can't breathe.
3	Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?!
2	Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
2	Then yes that is what I'm having. (Takes another puff of the cigarette.)
4	Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
0	Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
3	Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
1	What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
3	Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
3	Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
5	Ohhhhhh, look it's the roller blades.
5	You remember when we got these?
5	I guess you weren't there. (They hug.)
2	You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time (She starts laughing hysterically.) You don't remember?
5	I'm sorry Pheebs, I guess I'm just really said that I'm leaving.
0	I'm gonna miss you so much.
2	Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
0	I don't think there's anything.
0	Did I squeeze it too hard?
2	Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
1	That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, (To Monica) same as the day before.
0	Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
1	Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.
1	(waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
0	Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
1	Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay, here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin'? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her, he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! She's waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor
0	(joining him) Wow! She is pretty, huh?
1	Tell me about it, huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)
4	Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
1	This is your place?
4	Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing. (He pretends he's surfing by the window.)
1	But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)
1	I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. (Looks out the window.) Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)
1	All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!
3	(deadpan, standing next to Monica) We're very happy for you.
1	What's the matter?!
3	We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know
1	All right, I'll take care of it.
1	Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
1	Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.
4	Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.
1	Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?
4	(happily) My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. (He hugs them both.) (To Joey and Rachel) You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
5	Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while.
5	Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
4	(happily again) You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react? (He hugs them both.)
1	Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? (Ross turns and glares at him.) Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
4	Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids
3	(interrupting) Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!
1	(quickly) I call Godfather!
1	Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.
0	Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
3	Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
5	Oh! Oh, I just thought of the greatest wedding gift to get you.
2	Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
1	(to her) Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.
3	Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!
0	That was a half an hour?
3	All right, then massage me up right nice!
0	It's so good, isn't it?
3	It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
0	Say good-bye to sore muscles!
2	Okay, dime! (Donates that.) You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. (Finds something else.) Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! (Looks at it.) Oh my God, this is a police badge!
3	Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
5	Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
2	Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year! (She crosses her fingers in hope.)
1	(To Monica) Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?
0	Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
1	Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I'm not him.
0	I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
1	No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!
0	Are you saying I smell bad?
1	No! No, you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) I'm sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)
3	Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
4	(To Rachel) Yeah, I still don't know. (To the salesman who is hovering nearby) I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here."But that also says, (In a sexy voice) "Come here to me!"
5	What?! You say that to kids?!!
5	Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
2	It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
4	(laughing) Ohh. (Phoebe takes a couple of steps to the door and Ross quickly hurries out.)
5	Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom. (Does so.)
2	(looking out the window) Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! (Starts yelling.) Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! (Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.) Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
2	(screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
5	Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
5	I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
5	Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
5	Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
4	Actually, it looks really good. (Turns towards the window and now Phoebe starts jumping to divert his attention.)
1	Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
5	I can't believe you would say that!
1	Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
5	Is he romantic with her?
5	You don't know anything.
1	(entering, depressed) Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. (Pause, then very excitedly) I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
3	You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
1	And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! (To Chandler) And you know what that means buddy!
3	Yeah, I know that means buddy!
1	Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
2	Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
3	Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
2	No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
1	All right! Thanks Pheebs!
3	Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
3	All right, great, road trip baby! (To Monica) This okay with you?
0	Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. (Quietly) You can go.
0	Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
5	(entering from her bedroom) All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! (She walks by the table and notices that no one is looking and accidentally on purpose knocks over the open cereal box.) Ohhh! No! Look what I did! (She starts walking through the mess. {Also, notice the continuity error in this scene. Note the position of the box and dispersal pattern of the cereal before and after the camera cut.}) Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
0	No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! (She ushers Rachel out the door, but before the door fully closes she sticks her head back in.) Chandler!!!! (Chandler agrees to clean up the mess.)
1	What are you doing?
4	I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom shelf: meats and dairy. (There's nothing on the shelf.) Middle shelf: fruits and vegetables. (There's one lone tomato.) And top shelf: expired products. (The shelf is jammed packed.)
1	Why are you doing this?
4	Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
1	Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
1	Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
4	So what, we just sit?
3	(worried) He's the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
1	Rach, you're killin' us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
5	(looking at her truffle) Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
4	Yeah, yeah, what is it?
5	It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, [Joey and Ross make impressed faces] then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, [Joey and Ross look like something's wrong.] then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
4	W-What was the one right before bananas?
5	The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie,"I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. [To Joey] Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
4	Beef in a dessert?! I- no no no, there is no way!
1	I know, and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that?
4	Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!
4	Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
1	(sad) Oh man! Now she's gonna start all over! We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
2	No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
3	So, what are you gonna do?
2	I don't know. I'll just handle it - I'll ask you to talk to him!
2	Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a man!
3	I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
0	That is so sweet! (She kisses him and turns to add some sugar to her tea.)
3	(To Phoebe, behind Monica's back) Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem. (When Monica turns back he smiles and kisses her, when she turns away he nods that he'll do it to Phoebe.)
1	Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?
1	Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
1	Hey, what time is it?
1	Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
1	Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
4	Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
1	Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
1	They're gonna do it together.
3	Dude! That's my girlfriend!
1	What, so I gotta shut it down now?
4	All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
0	It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
3	Weirder than watching his two moms make out? (Monica nods in agreement.)
1	Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
4	Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
1	Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
4	You're not his godfather.
1	What?! Are you kidding?!
4	(Pause) Of course I am! (Joey is relieved) Okay, let's go godfather.
4	It's the - Chandler!!
1	(returning from a deli) Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
1	(dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
3	(leans in and takes a sniff of Joey's sandwich) Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
1	Did I say you could smell it?!
3	I can't smell your sandwich?
1	Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!
3	Okay, I'll give them back. (Exhales strongly through his nose and Joey just glares at him.) Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
1	Okay, imagine the best sex you've ever had.
1	Are you thinking about Monica?
1	Yeah, what's that like?
1	She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.
1	Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so
0	(entering from the bathroom) Hey! Happy Anniversary!
3	Happy Anniversary, 10 months! (They kiss.)
0	So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London
3	Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. (Points)
0	Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
3	The one that doesn't.
0	That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
3	Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
0	That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
2	But I like it here!
0	You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
2	Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
2	Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
2	Wow! I owe Rachel 20 bucks!
2	On a totally different bet.
0	It's almost our anniversary!
3	I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
0	I got you a present!
3	Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
0	I know, but you have to open it today! (Hands it too him.)
0	(grabbing the gift from him and opening it) Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
0	For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
0	No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
2	Ooh! That's good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you name it? Hint: Phoebe.
0	Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
4	Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great. (Kisses and hugs her.)
2	Guys, I'm happy too.
2	Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled (Winks at Ross.)
0	Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad? (Exits.)
2	Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
4	Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
2	Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates
4	(interrupting) No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
4	Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
2	Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
2	(to the girls) Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
5	(To Ross) I don't know. (To the gang.) What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
2	Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch.
0	Rach! We weren't gonna miss our friends getting married!
5	(gasps) Who got married?! (Ross is as surprised to hear this as she is.)
4	What?! Hello! We didn't get married.
5	No, we didn't get married! That's ridiculous!
4	We-we-we - I remember being in a chapel.
4	I - They would not let us get married when we were that drunk!
2	Hell, I'm drunk right now! (They all turn and look at her.) What? I can't have a mimosa with breakfast?! I'm on vacation!
0	What are you guys gonna do?
5	Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer? (Looks at Ross.)
3	Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
4	Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
1	An annulment? Ross! I don't think surgery's the answer here.
1	And that's just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
1	Okay, take it easy.
1	Really? Oh uh, oh just give me five more minutes with it.
1	Oh I-I uh, found the keys and now I'm just polishing her up.
1	Yeah, but it's my wax.
1	Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I'll uh, save your parking spot.
2	I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
0	Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
3	(entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)
0	Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone's eye out!
3	He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
2	No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
1	No-no-no-no-no we came together!
1	No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
3	I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
5	Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.
2	Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!
3	Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
2	Ohhh. Thanks Chandler they're great!
5	Well Chandler, what is this very weird, metal A Z thing?
3	Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
2	Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz.
3	Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
5	Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
1	Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him, so he picks her up, twirls her round, and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!
0	Oh God, maybe he won't see us. Richard!
3	Hey-hey, hey! (Gets up and hugs him.) I don't know why I did that!
0	Hey, it's good to see you!
0	Yeah - Oh that's right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
3	(to Richard's date) And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. (She just smiles.) I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable.
5	Did-did you take these back?
0	No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
5	Oh yeah, they're really great! Aren't they?
5	Yeah. (Monica walks away) Nice try! (Rachel puts them in a box.)
0	How'd the lecture go?
4	It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
5	Wow, that's great Ross, I'm sorry we weren't more supportive before.
4	I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy."Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
0	That you're not funny or sexy?
1	(entering) Hey Estelle, listen
1	What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
1	Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
4	I don't know what you're talking about.
2	Umm, I'm talking about that which you already know but won't admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
4	Look, I do not re-love her.
2	I can't believe you won't just admit it! (Pause) Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
4	Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
5	(returning from calling Warren) Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
4	You can live with me.
5	Oh my God! Are you serious?!
5	I would love to live with you Ross; that's-that's great! Thank you!
4	Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
2	Wow! I'm-I'm so happy for you guys. (To Ross) This is so-so, not stupid.
5	Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You're my hero!
4	Hero, I uh, I don't know - well, all right.
5	Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has! (Kisses him on the cheek and exits.)
3	Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
1	(raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
3	Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
1	No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch, groans painfully)
1	Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!
2	(jumps in front of Rachel) Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
5	No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
2	Please Rachel, I am not an idiot. (Runs off)
0	(wiping her nose) Are you saying that you don't wanna get with this? (Tries to do a little sexy body rub, but it doesn't work all that well with the big robe.)
3	Yeah, I don't you should say that even when you're healthy.
0	(in a sexy voice) Come on. (Coughs loudly.)
3	Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
0	I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
3	That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
2	Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
2	No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
2	Yeah I mean it's probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
5	With Ross and Jill?
5	With Ross and my sister?
5	With my sister Jill and my ex-boyfriend Ross?
5	Oh there is no way.
1	Nah, it's okay. Right, Gunther? (Winks at him as if they're in on a secret together.)
1	Okay, but I don't see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.
0	Joey, do you work here?
0	Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
1	It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
3	So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
1	I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
5	Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
4	Yeah, why would it be weird? Hey, Joey, can I get some coffee?
1	Okay, I guess it doesn't seem that weird.
4	Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
1	See, now it's weird again.
1	Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it's just gonna be me again tonight.
0	What happened to Janine?
1	Oh, she's uh-uh really sick.
1	Yeah, she's been in there all day (Points to her room), uh high fever, a nose problem Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
3	That's funny, I saw no phlegm.
1	No-no, she really is sick!
3	Then why-why is she going to a play?!
1	Uh, y'know, starve a fever, go to a play for a cold.
0	Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!
1	Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall?
1	Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
1	Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? (Pause) You're the other one right? (She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)
5	Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. (to Paul) If-if you get me something from the car.
5	(yelling) So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
0	Have you seen Chandler?!
0	The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! (Phoebe gasps.) I know! How bad is this?!
2	Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
2	(entering) Hey! What's up? (Sees the TV) Oh my God! What am I doing?!!
3	There's no back to this couch!
0	Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
3	Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
0	Oh that's so sweet! Look Chandler I don't care if you can't cry, I love you.
3	Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
3	No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this. (Makes a bored face.)
0	I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here. (Points to her heart.)
0	Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
3	Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
0	And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you,"and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
3	Aww, I love you so
0	What is wrong with you?!!!
0	What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
3	So you didn't mean any of that?!
0	Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
3	You have done enough!
0	I wanna wake up early and go get it for you!
3	No you don't - get it in black, not brown.
0	Oop, your cake is ready!
3	Well, it's like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.
0	Who the hell are you?!
1	Look, I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.
3	Who the hell is Carl?!
1	Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
3	Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
1	Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is (Does the international hand symbol for so-so.)
2	Ooh, I have tasted my own medicine and it is bitter!
1	Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?! (Pats C.H.E.E.S.E. on the head.)
1	Okay! (He yanks his hand away.) All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! (He grabs C.H.E.E.S.E.'s arm and pulls it off at the elbow.) Ah-ah!! (Wayne is shocked.) Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? (Hands Wayne the arm and he goes to fix it. Meanwhile Joey starts to berate himself.) Stupid! I can't believe it! God! (A very beautiful woman walks by.) (To her) Hey, how you doin'? (He and her go over to talk and Wayne looks on with envy.)
5	So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
4	Yeah, take your time.
4	(to Paul) Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as
4	Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
4	No! No! Not - I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
5	Oh we were, but that was just a (pause as the audience reacts), I mean that was just a big drunken mistake.
3	No, that was Dana Caplin.
0	Joey! You didn't even know her!
3	Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!
3	Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
3	Oh no-no-no, that's not - No-no-no!
3	(breaking up) Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh
3	Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
4	I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
5	(mocking him) You fell asleep?!
4	It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! (they go into the living room, trapping Monica, Chandler, and Joey in the kitchen) (to Rachel) Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
4	(starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)
0	You had no right to go out with him.
5	That is the most ridiculous...
5	I did not sell you out.
0	Yes you did. You absolutely sold me...
5	Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]
0	Did you just flick me?
5	OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]
2	Oh! All right. Now, let's not do this!
2	Happy thoughts! Happy thoughts!
2	OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.
2	I know! I know! I know!
2	No reason, it's just I know a single guy that cares about other people.
5	What are you guys doing?
0	Are you funny? Tell us a joke!
2	Well, so do a lot of people.
5	Oh, but y'know, no, you didn't give me your phone number.
3	(To Monica) Turns out he is kinda funny.
5	I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!
3	Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
2	Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?"(Imitates him.) "Uhh, okay - I gotta go!"
0	All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
4	What's wrong with being the Bings?
3	The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
4	Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
4	Then you are neither of your parents!
3	It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
2	But look Chandler, right now no-one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
3	I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr It's too huge.
4	Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
3	Well yeah, but then
4	(interrupting him) Yeah - No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
3	Depends on what you mean by we.
3	(To Monica) Of course it is. (Mouths to Ross) Wow - whoa!
0	Chandler one time wore my underwear to work!
0	Ohh, I'm sorry I couldn't think of any more for Ross!
4	Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
4	Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
1	Uh, well they might be a little mad at me over there.
1	Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
5	Joey, why would you do that?
1	Because they wanted me to audition!
5	Tag? (He turns and looks at her.) Hi, who was that?
5	Monica, y'know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
0	(gasps) We had a caricaturist!
5	Monica, your Sweet Sixteen was like a million years ago.
0	And yet, here we are doing it again.
5	Ugh, Monica I don't want to steal your stupid thunder!
0	Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
5	All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain't gonna happen!
0	I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
5	I swear, I never wanted any part of your night!
0	Oh, is that why you did it in the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
4	Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
3	(To Ross) Why to save your dignity my man.
5	(ignoring them) Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
0	(yelling after them) I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
1	(pulls out a fork) All right, what are we havin'? (Starts digging in.)
0	Oh wait I forgot my wrap.
4	What? Oh, okay. Wait here. (Goes to get it, but before he gets there Aunt Millie sits down on it forcing him to pull it out from behind her which gets her attention.)
4	Why?! Why on the lips?! (He wipes his mouth on Monica's wrap and walks off, leaving Aunt Millie stunned.)
4	I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
5	Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
4	No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I
5	Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
3	Hey. Do you want this scone? (Holds up his plate) It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
1	Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
3	Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding
1	No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I accept that. I don't care about that. I just I don't want you to be upset.
1	Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
3	That's what you should say.
3	When you're marrying us; that's what you should say.
1	Really? I can do it?
3	I'd love it if you would do it.
1	Well I don't know if I remember exactly but, it's-it's pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
1	Great! Hey! Alright! Well-well what is it?!
1	Ohh. Wow! Well how-how, how will you be gone?
1	That's a really long time.
1	Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. (Realizes.) And I just got what you meant again - That is - I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
4	You know the song! Sing along!
2	Eeee!!! Eee!! Eee!!
0	(gasps) Ohh, wow! That's great! (Rachel and Monica hug.) Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited! (Runs out leaving Rachel completely stunned and Phoebe laughing.)
5	Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours. (Phoebe gets suddenly scared.)
1	(reacting first by jumping up) Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God! (Heads for his room leaving Ross.)
4	(slowly stands up and says quietly) Excuse me. (Exits.)
5	Well, I-I'm startin' too.
5	(panics, turns around, picks up the phone, and pretend to talk on it) Hello?! (Listens) Oh, yeah! (To Tag) This is gonna be a while. Excuse me. (Tag leaves and she closes the door behind him, disgustedly.) Yeah!
2	Oh, I'm sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how's Whitney?
4	Well maybe she wouldn't have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
2	Oh he knows! (Quietly) For the most part.
2	Both of you together?
2	(opens her bedroom door and peeks out) Hey, is Chandler here?
3	No, no he went for a walk.
2	Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look who's back!
1	Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!
2	Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
3	Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
0	What? Why, why would...
2	(interrupts her, to Monica) Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
2	We have good news, look who's back!
3	Clunkers?! Oh my god!
0	Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
0	That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
3	Feelings, such strong feelings.
4	(to the guard) Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby (Turns on a mini-flashlight) to shine in people's eye - (The guard walks away) - Okay, see you later.
3	I just wanted to show Monica your book. (Ross just glares at him.)
2	That's what you think.
0	Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother's? Wouldn't they have the recipe?
2	Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
2	Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.
2	(reading the recipe on the back of the bag) Yes!! (Realizes.) Oh.
0	I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
2	I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why (Looking down) you're burning in hell!!
3	So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little I'm a little embarrassed about it.
3	What did you do when they found out?
3	So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
5	Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
1	Yeah, yeah. Hey, why don't you give a pull on that rope? (Points.)
5	Oh we're not sailing.
5	All right. (She does so and it brings the cooler closer together.) Hey-hey-hey!! (Sees what's in the cooler.) Sandwiches!
3	No-no! This is my fiancee (Phoebe) and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
2	Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman's heart?
3	Yeah, she's dying Of a cough apparently.
2	Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity
3	(interrupting her) Okay, that's enough honey!
3	Great! Okay, here. (Holds the ring up for him.)
3	Guys? (They ignore him.) I've got something important to tell ya. (Still nothing so he walks over and stands in front of the TV.) Guys? (They lean over to try and watch the TV, Chandler mimics them.) Guys?! (Pause) I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
1	(To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.
4	Wait a minute, is this, is this for real?
3	Yeah, check out the ring. (Shows it to them.)
0	Let's take a walk. (They start to leave.) Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! (They exit.)
2	(To Ross) So what's going on with you?
4	Well umm, I've been doing a lot more of my kara-tay.
2	Still going through that dry spell with Carol?
2	How long has it been since you had sex?
4	Well, last weekend
2	Oh that's not so bad.
4	will be two months
4	since I stopped trying.
2	Maybe you need to spice things up a little.
4	What-what do you mean?
2	Come on, there's gotta be something.
0	Nope, she's perfect.
2	Good! Great! You can go first.
2	Good that's a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y'know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
0	Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.
2	Okay, good. There you go. Doesn't anyone feel better?
0	Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
5	You get your messages!
0	Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
5	So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
2	Great! It worked! No one's sad.
1	(scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way, there's nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.
3	Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
1	Okay, get ready to owe me!
2	What am I sitting on?
3	Top of the world? Dock of the bay? (He tries to think of another but can't) I'm out.
2	(taking something out of the couch) Ew-eww!! Undies!
5	All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
4	Well, they're not mine!
3	Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
1	Yeah, they're mine.
3	See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!
1	I don't know uhh (Pause as he thinks about it.) Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
4	I couldn't possibly eat another bite.
1	I need something sweet.
2	Does anyone wanna watch TV?
2	Monica your remote doesn't work.
0	Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
5	Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
1	Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
3	That's sweet, Joey.
3	Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
1	I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her.
4	Emily's cousin kicked me out!
4	Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
3	How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
1	Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
3	Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
0	No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.
2	But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
2	Okay, then maybe I can come too!
2	All right, you go. (They kiss.)
2	Oh I just miss him so much!
0	Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
0	I know it is the best.
2	So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
0	What? It's still going on.
1	(entering) Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
3	Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
0	(To Chandler) Rachel's at work.
1	I can still hear you!
2	Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
2	Eeeee-(She opens the box and removes its contents and sees that it's a fur coat.)-ohh!! God! (She throws it at Joey.)
1	Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
3	Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. (Phoebe stares at him wide-eyed. Chandler sees her reaction.) That didn't happen, I made that up!
4	That's a good point.
4	Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
1	Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!
2	It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?
1	Rach! Rach! Listen, I'm gonna kiss you at midnight.
4	Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.
1	So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?
4	(To Phoebe) Happy New Year, Pheebs!
5	(To Joey) Happy New Year, Joey!
1	So, are you ready to go?
1	Oh sure, right back there. (Points.)
1	I was thinking Chinese food.
5	She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!
1	I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but
1	(shyly) She keeps punching me.
0	In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
1	Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? (Quietly) She-she-she's hurting me.
0	I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
3	Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
5	Aww, Joey, come here. (She takes his hand.) Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
2	Hey! I brought you some house warming gifts.
2	Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.
3	I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just - I didn't know what it was!
1	Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
3	Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
1	Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. It's one of those magician stovepipe hats.)
3	(examining the hat) And the bunny got away. (Turns and starts looking for the bunny as Joey puts the hat on.)
4	(glaring at Joey) This would be the place where you explain the hat.
1	Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
3	And you're gonna make them all disappear.
1	Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
5	Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
1	Great! Thanks, Rach!
5	Sure! (Pause) God, please take those off!
4	No! No! No! The "Come here to me"is y'know for the ladies.
5	Ross, honey, it's a nice couch. It's not a magic couch.
4	Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
5	Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
4	Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you! (He signs the form and hands it back to the salesman.) All right Rach, let's go! (He picks up one end of the couch.)
5	Yeah! (She puts on her coat and turns around and sees Ross is expecting her to help.) (Laughing.) Are you kiddin'?
4	Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
5	(Disgustedly she goes and tries to pick up the couch. Much to her amazement, she is successful.) Oh. Oh! I can do it!
4	Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together. (He starts backing out of the store.)
4	What's that supposed to mean?
2	(Screaming incoherently.) Get in here!!! (Motions to join her and Rachel.)
2	You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or - Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
5	Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
2	Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
5	Joey! Come here! Come here!
5	Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.
1	You mean how they're friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)
2	Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
1	Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
5	Wh-what do you mean?
2	Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
5	Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!
1	No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
5	Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.
1	Ohh, I know one thing!
1	They did it right there on the couch.
4	(disinterested) Hey-yeah. (He hurries up to the counter.) Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? (To the gang.) Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
4	Oh, thanks Gunther. (He takes it, hands the plate it's on to Rachel, sets it down on the table, and proceeds to pound it into oblivion while saying.) STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!
3	Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
2	Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
5	Pheebs, I don't think anyone's mad about that.
2	Exactly! Because it's in the past!
1	(eyeing the flattened scone) Anybody gonna eat that?
0	Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
3	Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
0	I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
3	I know, I can do this. (He takes her hand.)
0	Ooh, and I can do this. (She kisses him on the cheek.)
2	Oh hey Joey! What's up?
1	I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
2	Yeah, I've been around.
1	Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
2	Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
1	Great! Problem solved!
2	But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
1	Well, back to square one.
2	Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
2	Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. (Quickly) Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
2	Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?
2	Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
1	Monica. Oh huh, I always thought it would be Rachel.
1	Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. (Joey sits down and hits the speed dial button on the phone.) Shhh. (It begins to ring.)
3	(Answering the phone at work) Hello, Chandler Bing.
1	(In a high pitched female voice) Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
3	(Angrily) Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! (Ross and Joey laugh silently.) It's been six months!
1	And that's Wednesday. (He reclines in his chair.) Ohh.
2	Hey you guys, guess what?
3	The British are coming?
2	Ohh, you and your ways. (She shakes the bell at him and sits down.) Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
2	(Excitedly) Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
2	Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
1	So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
5	Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. (He walks past the couch to the counter.) See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
0	Danny? You know Rachel? She's nice. She's not bad to look at, right?
0	Do you want to go out on a date with her?
4	No, no, we will. We just won't tell her she messed up.
1	Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
4	Yeah, it'll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!
1	(shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny...
5	Joey, God, your apartment is like a hundred degrees!
1	Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
2	Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn't give to be that can of (looks closer to see what Jack is drinking) condensed milk.
0	Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.
3	Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight [Realizes what he just said and looks worried. Monica and Ross also looked shocked. Judy and Jack give Chandler a very dirty look.] I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-[giving up all hope, he puts his head into his hands.]
4	(worried) Dude, I need to talk to you a sec.
5	All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
4	You bought Shawn Cassidy!
5	Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready?
5	Okay! (She goes and gets her surprise and when she returns with it, Ross stares in shock.) Check it out!
1	What the hell is that?!!
5	It's a, it's a cat!
4	Why is it inside out?!
5	Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
4	How much did you pay for that?
5	Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
5	All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
5	Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. (They both glare at her.) Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
4	(To Joey) Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
1	Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
4	Really? That's great!
1	I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her
4	Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you, (Starts to whine like a baby and Joey just glares at him.)
1	That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
4	Joey, you look nothing like Ben.
1	I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)
5	Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric (On the other one.) Sorry.
5	(laughing nervously) Oh, what a fun office.
5	Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! (She picks up the 2 pieces and looks at the stand.) Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?! (Looks for a place to hide it and finds a wall sconce and drops the pieces into it and heads into the kitchen as the phone rings.)
0	(on the answering machine) Rach! It's me! Pick up!
0	I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
5	So all we have is ice?
4	So where are we going next?
3	Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
1	Come on man! (To Gary) Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
4	Yeah, no one talks like that!
2	Okay! (Walks over to Rachel) Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
5	Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back. (Goes to her room.)
1	Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
5	(She enters and hands Phoebe the earring) Here you go. Thank you!
2	Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
5	Oh what, you-you want both of them?
2	Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
2	Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
5	Tell her to wear her own earrings.
5	Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
5	Because I lose her stuff!
1	Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
1	Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
3	If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up."Would she understand the difference?
3	Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
0	Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
3	Yeah, I think we should see other people.
0	But we can go, right?
3	It's a great idea. (They kiss)
2	Okay, I'm gonna go too!
2	Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
0	Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
2	Uh-huh, great story! I'm going!
2	Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
5	Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
2	Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
5	Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
4	Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
4	And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross. (Phoebe grabs his arm and prevents him from escaping.)
0	Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!
3	(looking down) What gave me away?
0	I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
3	Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
3	Wow that was my scariest voice! You're very brave.
5	Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
3	Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. (Awkward silence ensues.) Seriously.
5	I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
3	Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty
3	(To Monica) All yours babe. (Walks away.)
0	Have a seat. (They sit at the table.) Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.
5	Oh my God! That's so great! I'm so happy for you guys!
5	And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
5	And Chandler, you're gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can't be late.
2	Oh-oh, that's your thing.
2	You're thing. You're thing. Y'know? You're the guy who gets divorced.
4	No-no, that's-that's not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!
2	Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. (Pause) I'm so drunk.
3	I don't know. But I-I-I know I love you!
0	I know I love you! (They hug.)
3	So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
0	That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
0	All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
0	Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
0	Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
3	That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
3	They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
3	Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check on the babies again.)
2	Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
0	Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
2	Oh, I can still do that.
0	How are you still single?!
3	(entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
0	Good. What made you change your mind?
3	I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
2	How did that happen?!!
3	Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)
0	Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
0	Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren't wearing underpants?
4	Monica! (Pause) Would it?
1	Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
1	Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown - I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
1	Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she's real, uh, mellow!
1	Well, I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know
1	Alright, alright, hey y'know fair is fair, (he pretends to wash his hands) if you're right, you're right, what can I say, but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy's pants)
1	Hey, now you're the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)
0	Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
4	Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
0	Ross, we haven't done the routine since middle school.
4	Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
3	Richard! No one supposed to know about us! (Richard just smiles at him.) See I, did it again.
0	Chandler, wh-why don't we sit down?
3	Yeah, I'll sit down. (He slides back into his chair.)
0	(to Richard) It's good to see you
1	I didn't know it was an auction!
1	I figured, take a guess, help a charity, free boat!
5	Why would a charity give away a free boat?!
1	I don't know! Charity?
2	Well, just buy the damn boat! (She's still working her way through her tray of booze.)
5	Phoebe, don't you think you've had enough to drink?
2	I'm just helping the kids!
5	How is you drinking helping the kids?
1	(in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
3	That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
3	What's wrong with you?
1	Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
3	This sounds like a hernia. You have to - you-you go to the doctor!
1	No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)
1	Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
5	Well, we're a little early, the lecture doesn't end for 15 minutes.
0	Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
4	Oh please! (He sits down.) (To Phoebe) You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
2	No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! (Ross looks at her.) (Pause) Okay, that's a lie.
0	Stop it Chandler. (Chandler is relieved) I'm sorry too.
0	Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
3	We don't have to come up with this now.
3	Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
3	Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. (Kisses her and heads into the living room.)
0	You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
0	Well, it's a set and they should probably stay together.
3	Oh, that's cool. Then I'll just bring them both over.
0	See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
3	Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
0	Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
4	Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?
3	Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
4	'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
3	She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
3	She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
4	Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
3	I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
4	Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
3	No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.
3	Hey Mon, how's it going?
0	Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
3	Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
0	It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
3	No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
5	Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't - I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
1	It's just I can't because my manager said I (Gets an idea) (Starts singing) "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie
1	(still singing) "Amy! Happy birthday to you!"
1	Yeah, not it here it isn't.
5	(on the couch) Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
5	That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
5	Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you're gonna go out?
3	I think it's great that you work here. You're going to make a lot of money, and here's your first tip: Don't eat yellow snow. (He laughs, then picks up a pen, glares at Ross, and writes in his journal). Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
5	Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. (Joey nods.) A smile goes a long way. (Joey smiles) And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
1	Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
4	Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
1	Oh, I'm sorry, Ross. I'll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin.
5	Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.
0	So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
5	Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
2	That true, I am flaky.
5	So, what, you're just, you're just okay with being flaky?
0	Well, then, I'm okay with being high maintenance.
5	Yeah, and I am okay with being a pushover.
2	That's great. Good for you guys.
1	Well uh, she didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I'm so sorry.
3	Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!
1	Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too loud.
0	(loudly) What?!! (Quietly) What?
3	So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
0	Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
3	And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
1	I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
3	No, you sh - No you said you made that up!!
1	I know, but don't you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
3	Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again. (Monica glares at him.)
1	Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She'll come around I promise.
0	Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.
4	Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new (On Rachel's glare) old sheet?
0	I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
2	What are you gonna do?
0	Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! (Mimicking her.) "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
0	Well Rachel's not here! (Runs out.)
2	Oh! Here it is! (Noticing it next to the door.) Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?"(Son of a bitch is written across the entire picture.)
1	I didn't do that! Who would've done that?!
2	Okay, maybe ask this guy.
2	Well, what did he do?
2	Well, we should go.
4	Elizabeth! (He opens one of the bed stands that he has curled himself up into.) Okay. Okay. (She helps him out.) I'm gonna go out this window. (Points to the window next to him.) I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
5	(yelling from the living room) Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don't go in there! Don't go in there! I need another soda!
5	Oh my God Ross! What in heaven's name are you doing here?
4	(to Elizabeth) And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.
4	You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to (Opens the door to find Jill standing there.) Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. (Quickly looks out to see if they're watching.) Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
4	Of course, what happened? (Lets her in.)
4	Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
5	Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can't find her anywhere.
5	Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
2	It's Phoebe! Phoebe!
2	(seeing her dress) Oh God. So-so you're making porn movies.
2	You're making one right now!
1	(to Carl) Pizza!! We like Pizza!! Get out!!! (Carl does so.)
5	Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who's ass I cannot kick.
4	It's not something you are! It's something you have!
4	Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!
1	All right Carl, we're next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?
1	That's right! And what are you not gonna do?
1	(gets very angry) Damnit Carl! (Carl goes to say something more, and Joey silences him with a grunt.)
1	That's right, $2,000.
0	Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
5	Oh! Whoops! I'm sorry, you were talking about Emily!
0	Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
3	The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
0	Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass - seven!"
2	I know what time you said.
2	Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
2	Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? (Reading her book) Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
3	(disgusted) What does it say?!
2	I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
3	Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
2	Thanks! So are you.
2	(reading from her book) Mon (Pause as she restarts) Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
3	So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!
3	Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
3	Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later. (He runs off and leaves her with the bill, which the waiter promptly delivers.)
0	Hey! How's it goin'?
2	Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.
0	Yes it has! I made cookies!
2	Oh that's all right. I'm still full from your homemade potato chips.
0	But you should eat them now because they're hot from the oven.
0	(pulling the plate back) Oh-ho! But not in here! Can't eat 'em in bed, remember? No crumbies!
2	(gritting her teeth) Okay, I'll be out in a second.
0	(opening the door) What are you doing?
2	That doesn't lock does it?
1	No that's all right. Don't worry about it.
2	Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
2	There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
1	Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
1	Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges. (starts doing lunges)
3	Please tell me you got the message!
3	The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
1	What?! It's 6 o'clock!
3	Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
1	I can't believe this Chandler!
3	Sorry! I-I-I don't know what to say.
1	Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
3	(angrily) Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
2	Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special (whispers) if you pick my guy.
3	Okay, so you will meet our guys?
5	Yes, I'll meet 'em.
3	Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
1	(entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
2	Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
3	(To Ross) Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
4	Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know
3	You know the hotels?
1	Sure! I was there! Spring Break '81! Woo-hoo!
0	In 1981 you were 13!
1	So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
4	Okay, she can't go.
5	The nights are the hardest. (Checks her watch.) But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again
0	(interrupting) The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
5	I know. At dusk. That's such a hard time for me.
0	(getting up) I'm gonna go put my make-up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour! (Starts for the bathroom.)
0	I can't go to lunch!!
5	Oh good God! I've fallen down! (She trips and falls.)
5	Okay. Alright. (Gets up.) Honey listen. When I tell you what I'm about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
0	Okay, you're-you're really freaking me out.
5	We can't find Chandler (Phoebe sticks her head and motions that they found Chandler) - 's vest. We can't find Chandler's vest.
0	How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
2	(entering) Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again
0	Oh wow! Okay. Don't scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!"
1	I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
5	Yeah, this is Tag. Tag, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, can I see you for a second? (Goes into office.)
2	Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
5	(grabbing Phoebe) Okay. We'll be right back. (They go into her office and she closes the door.)
2	So you hired yourself a little treat did ya?
5	All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you
2	But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
5	Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. (There's a knock on the door.) Yes?
1	Wait! Terry! Wait - Look - Wait I-I Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
3	Well, somebody should. (Monica glares at him.)
4	Look uh, if we're gonna do this
5	We're not gonna do this, all right? She's just gonna think that we're doin' it.
4	Oh, I see, so everybody wins.
0	(outside the door) It's Monica, open up!
5	Okay well Ross! Stop it please! Wait a minute! (Motions for him to follow her lead, but he angrily shakes his head no. So she pokes him.)
5	Yeah, you like that baby? (Monica bursts in followed by Chandler.) May we help you?
0	I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
3	How is that ever going to happen?!
5	All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
5	Because! Because I was sad.
5	Look, I am so so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
3	(To Ross) I don't care, she slept with me.
0	(starting to cry) I'm sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross. (They hug.)
4	Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so
5	Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben? (He nods yes.)
4	Okay, I'll see you later pal.
5	Ohh, okay. (Ross has a sign on his back that reads 'Poop.') Wh - Ah-ha! (Ross stops and turns.) Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can't do it.
5	I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. (To Ross) You've got something here on your back.
4	What? (She takes the sign off and hands it to him.) That's great. That is great. (Crumples up the paper and throws it down in anger.) What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
4	All right, that's it! (He runs over to Ben, who runs past him and out the door.) Come - you - no! You are in big trouble young man!
5	EHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! My God!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my God!!!!!!! (She runs over to him and finds that it was a dummy and that she had been had.)
1	So are guys doing okay?
4	Oh just say it Kyle!
2	What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!
2	Oh right, because you're so capable of change.
4	(To Whitney) Y'know, he hums when he pees!
4	It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
4	That's all right, we-we don't need you. In fact, hey I'm over it already.
2	Yeah, and y'know what? I don't give a tiny rat's ass.
2	Oh. Y'know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
0	That's right, she came back all by herself.
2	It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
3	(to Clunkers) It is so good to see you!
2	Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in (Realizes, that Chandler starts to not believe her) I went too far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
5	Oh, hi! How are you doing?
4	Tag? Y-You're going? (Comes over to Tag) Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
4	Ah, what good are you. (Walks back to his map dejectedly.)
5	Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
5	Oh, god, I knew it, that I freaked you out.
1	What are you doing?
1	What you - don't hold it like that! You're lettin' all the good stuff fall out.
4	So you two are really serious?!
4	You-you're gonna get married?! I mean We're gonna be brothers-in-law! (They hug.)
1	And-and-and-and-and-and, and we're gonna be friends again!
1	Oh it's water under the bridge, forget it!
3	Okay! (They hug.) I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
1	I think I'm gonna cry!
5	(who has just entered) Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too!
3	I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
5	Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh Chandler!! (Hugs him.) You guys are gonna be so happy!
1	(holding an empty tissue box) Where's all the tissues?! (Throws the box down in disgust.)
3	Check out the ring.
5	(gasps) Nice! One and a half carat easy.
4	Chandler's gonna ask Monica to marry him!
2	I don't know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other
2	Y'know, dirty talk, menage trois, toys
2	Roll playing You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
4	Okay, I think I got it.
2	Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! (Ross looks at her.) It never happened.
0	Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
3	Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food."Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food."Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
1	(entering) Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
0	Yeah! She's right in there! (Points to Phoebe's room.)
1	Oh great. (Starts to go in.) (To Chandler) Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!
1	All right, and over there is Brady's Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
5	Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?
1	All righty, what do you say we head back to my place?
1	Okay, here we go. Ready?
3	No! No! No! No - (Joey looks at him) - one can beat me.
3	See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
0	Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!
5	Ooh, your brother. Score!
4	Oh, I'm just over here with Ben. I thought we'd say hi.
4	Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. (He holds the phone to the fake Ben he has created out of a pumpkin.) Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
2	Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
5	You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
0	"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
5	"I'm Monica, I don't get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"
0	"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
5	"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
2	Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.)
1	This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
5	Well, get 'em out of here! What's wrong with you?
1	(reluctantly taking them) Chandler? A word.
1	That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandler's room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
0	(entering) Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
1	Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)
0	(inspecting his leg) Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
1	Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't
3	(interrupting him) All this lying has been hard on us too.
1	Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
3	Well, yeah actually.
0	We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
3	I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
1	I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
3	Are you aware that you're still talking?
0	Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
4	Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
2	Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
4	I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
5	Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
1	Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
3	It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
4	You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
2	I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
3	Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
2	Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse!
2	Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.
4	Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
3	He thought you said gonad.
2	Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?
2	It's okay to laugh right?
0	Okay, knock yourself out, Larry.
2	Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
0	Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
0	It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it.
2	Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.
2	Come on, seriously! When did it end?
0	I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
2	Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
0	(Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.) (Jumping up) What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
3	(entering) Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
3	Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
5	Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
1	Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
5	Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!"(She starts laughing; Chandler and Joey are not amused.) Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
3	(quietly) Hi! (They both start kissing.)
1	Monica? What time is it?
0	Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
1	I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)
3	I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
0	(In a sexy voice) Come in. I've been waiting for you.
5	Hi! I just wanna-(sees Monica)-Ahhh!!! Oh my God! (She runs out in horror.) Oh my God!
0	(pulling on a robe) Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
0	Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. (Thinks) I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
5	(Gasps) That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
5	Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. (There's a knock on the door.) Maybe that's him. (Goes to answer the door.)
0	(Panicking) Okay, umm, okay, umm (Rachel opens the door.) It's just Joey and Ross.
5	Why aren't you guys at the movie?
1	Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
4	I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
2	Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
2	Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?
2	Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.
1	Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
2	Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
4	How come? Everybody else does.
4	Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.
0	(looking at the flyer) This is all of your things.
4	Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's - Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
0	So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
4	Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
1	Hey, Ross, you're okay with that?
3	Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
2	Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
1	(after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
0	Now calm down Joey.
1	No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
2	Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
0	You look cute in bubbles.
3	Ehh, you're just liquored up.
1	Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
3	I've had a very long, hard day.
1	Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
3	Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
1	You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?
3	For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!
3	Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
0	Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
3	Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
1	So did that do anything for ya?
4	Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
5	But your divorce isn't even final yet.
4	Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
3	Do you want us to leave the room, or?
2	Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
3	That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
2	Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
0	She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
4	In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
3	I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!"(Ross looks at him.) And it starts right now!
1	All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
1	Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
2	Bread, so you never go hungry.
2	And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.
4	Thanks. Thanks. And thanks again.
4	Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
4	Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.
4	Yes but too me he's just, man.
4	Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
2	Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.
4	Is everything okay?
2	Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
2	It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
5	Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
2	Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
0	(entering, in a hurry) Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
4	Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.
0	Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
2	It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
5	Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
4	Then tell him quickly.
5	(To Ross) Fine! (To the salesman) We went out.
4	Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
4	A loser you did it with (To the salesman) 298 times!
2	Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?
2	You can't put your cigarette out on a tree!
2	No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again.
2	Hold it! (Grabs the badge) N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk!
2	Yeah that's right you are so busted. (To no one in particular.) Book 'em.
2	Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.
2	You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. (The woman calls her bluff.) (Screaming at no one in particular) Backup! Backup!!
2	Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
5	Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?
2	No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
1	Noo! I can't take any more secrets! (To Rachel) I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
5	You don't have any secrets!
1	Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)
5	(To Phoebe) So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?
2	Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.
2	And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
2	Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie.
2	Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!
2	(feels his arm) Yeah the material feels so soft - hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
3	Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. (Phoebe giggles uncontrollably.) Are you okay?
2	Well, if you really wanna know, I'm - Oh! I can't tell you this.
3	Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
2	Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
3	I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, (Points to Monica) this is Monica. (Points to his boss.) This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
0	Hi, nice to meet you!
0	That noise you just made?
3	Oh, that was my work laugh.
0	Really? Your work laugh?
3	Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
0	All right, check me out.
2	No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?
2	North route or south route?
2	Bamn! There you go! Huh?
1	Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!
2	Oh, this guy again. (She ignores him.)
1	Hey man, what's up?
4	Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?
1	Sure, what do you want to see?
1	Oh, I know how we can decide. Phoebe, show him your game!
2	Umm, no thank you. (She gets up and moves to the couch. They were at a table previously.)
1	I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
1	What do you like better action or comedy?
0	Friday's perfect...She can't wait.
5	(Somewhat angrily) Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. (Giggling) I have a date with Danny.
1	How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
1	(Very discouraged) Okay, is there anything else?
2	Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. (A man put some change in her bucket.) Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy. (She waves her hand up and down as if she is spreading joy.)
0	I just wanted to see how it's going.
2	Well, it's going okay.
0	(Taking out her wallet.) Well good, here let me help you out.
2	Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.
2	Just get your nails done?
0	Yes Phoebe, but this is all I have. Okay? (She pours out the rest of her change purse into the bucket.)
2	Okay! Thanks! Happy Holidays, here's your joy. (She waves her arm and spreads her joy.)
2	Thank you! And Happy Holidays.
4	Okay, I think I might know why my parents don't like you.
4	Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
3	What?! Why did you do that?
4	I don't know, aheh, your's was the first name that-that popped into my head, I'm I'm sorry. I-I didn't think it would matter.
3	How could it not matter?!
4	How was I supposed to know we'd end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
3	What about all that "friends forever"stuff?
4	I don't know, I-I was all high.
0	Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you (points to Chandler) were trying to get Ross stoned!
3	Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
0	Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
3	The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
4	Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
1	Uhh, the ball thing.
1	Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
1	I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!
1	Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
4	I know! (Looks at the ball in his hands.) Don't switch hands, okay?
3	Hey ladies! What are you in here for? (Laughs at his joke.)
3	Gary, I'm here to report a crime.
3	It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.
3	Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
3	Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
5	Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories (stops and tries to change directions) about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
5	and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
0	That doesn't seem fair.
5	I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
3	Yeah, it is the best.
5	I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
0	Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
5	Yeah, I can do that.
3	Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
2	Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?
3	Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
2	Oh wait, I change my mind! (She slams the door on them.) Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas! (Holds up a cocktail napkin.)
0	All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
2	What happened to the intimate dinner party?
1	Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
4	Hey, I'm more cop than you two!
3	How do you figure that?
4	Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!
3	Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
4	Yeah, no problem. (Tries to turn it off.)
4	Sorry! Sorry! Oh, (He sticks it under his shirt) there! (It's just there flashing through his shirt) Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!
3	Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
1	Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?
0	Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
5	What?! We can't do that!
0	We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
5	Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
0	(noticing Rachel crawling behind the couch) Rach? What are you doing?
5	Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
0	It's a diaper commercial.
5	Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!
4	I'll get it! I will get that! (Runs over and opens the door.)
4	Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
4	(I can't make it out.) The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
4	You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.
3	Here you go. (Hands her the money.) Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
4	You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
4	This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
4	Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
4	Is that supposed to be an insult?
3	I don't know, I'm very tired.
4	So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
4	Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines. (Picks up the phone and does so)
5	Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
2	Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.
5	No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.
5	No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
2	Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
2	So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
3	So it's pretty much the same Pheebs.
2	Okay, what about after I give you these candies? (Hands them each one from her purse.)
0	Yeah, he's gonna work on that.
4	once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
2	Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
2	Okay, what about you? (Points to Karin) Wouldn't you want a date?
2	(interrupting) Whatever! What about you Meg?
2	(leaning to him) She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."(He glares at her.)
2	Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
2	Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!
4	(getting up) Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth - (leans down to Meg's ear) - Nothing!!
3	Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
0	I wanted it so bad! (Pause) Wanna go pack?
3	Yeah. (They go pack.) We're doing the right thing, right?
0	Ohh, of course we are! (They walk up to the elevators.) We left it up to fate. (Pushes the elevator button.) If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign. (The elevator door opens to a priest reading from a bible with Chandler and Monica standing side-by-side holding each other's hands.)
1	All right. All right.
2	Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
1	(to himself) Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.)
4	Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?
4	I'm not going to do that. (Rachel glares at him.)
5	Okay! So, we'll just stay married.
5	And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!
4	Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I'd have to talk you into this more.
5	Okay, see now I'm scared because I don't actually think you're kidding.
0	Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)
5	Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
4	Fine, I'm mentally unstable.
5	Uh yes, heroin and crack.
4	Crack isn't even an intravenous drug!
5	Well, you would know.
5	(starts to cry) Ross, please, I found the magazines!
0	Was it really that good?
4	We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
0	Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!
4	So, do we really have to ask who's going up on the platform next?
1	Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
1	Yeah, take a hike wetpants!
4	Can you believe this? We're gonna be on the platform for the Millennium moment!
0	I know! Hey, you haven't been practising the routine, have you?
4	Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know? (He mimics a robot)
0	Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
2	Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink.
1	Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth?
1	(To Rachel) Hey, I was pretty close. (She just glares at him.) Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can't buy the boat, I don't have any money.
5	Joey! Joey, good one! (Mr. Thompson starts to laugh.)
1	So uh listen, I think I'm gonna take off now. (Starts to get up.)
5	(stopping him) Hey! You can't leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
1	Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
5	I know. Okay. (Whispering and thinking.) Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
1	Look, I don't know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y'know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
0	And so, we're hiding in the bathroom.
0	So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
3	I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
5	Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. (to them) Hey sisters! (They ignore her.) (To Monica) Wow, we really are bitches.
4	(to the class) Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when - (sees Monica and Rachel.) Oh bloody hell.
0	What the hell are you doing?!
4	Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
5	Yeah, and not a very good one.
4	Will you-will you please?
4	(in his British accent) I'm sorry, I've got plans with my sister.
0	(in an Irish accent) Monica Gellerrr. (She rolls her 'R')
4	(in accent) Right, will you excuse us for one moment? (Takes Monica aside.) (In his normal voice.) What are you doing?
0	(normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?! (To an exiting student in accent.) Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
5	(in an Indian accent) Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.
1	Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
3	All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!! (Storms out.)
1	(exiting from Chandler's room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good - Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
1	Whoa!! Now look, don't be just blurtin' stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
3	(entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I'll be living here. (Heads for the bathroom.)
1	Oh don't listen to him, he's just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don't think he's gonna get it.
3	Why did you take the shower curtain down?
1	That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I'm very safety conscious.
4	Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
5	Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
4	What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
5	No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
4	What?! Over a stupid room!
5	Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I'm also really psyched 'cause I don't have to move in here!
4	Oh no, yeah no, that part's great!
3	It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! (To Ross) She's-she's gonna kill me.
4	Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. (Chandler fixes it and a picture frame off the table.) And that goes back up there.
3	We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. (He picks up one end and Ross doesn't help) I got it. (He moves it back to where he thinks it goes.)
4	Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
3	What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the...(Tries to rest his feet on the coffee table but they won't reach) OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
4	Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
3	OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
4	Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
3	Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
1	(entering) Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.) What the hell's going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
4	Hey, I've been married 3 times
5	I just, Phoebe, said y'know thought she saw something between you guys.
5	Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
5	Are-are you saying he's a geek?
5	No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!
5	What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
5	Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
5	Yeah but, he's not your type.
5	Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
0	I am not high maintenance!
5	I am not a pushover!
2	Oh, I'm flaky. I'll say anything.
1	Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
1	Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
1	Oh, man, I could totally get that part. 'I'm sorry, that seat is taken.'
1	No, no, I didn't mean you. But, you believed me, huh?
1	So, you'd hire me, right?
1	Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
4	My apothecary table!!!
2	Ross, where did you get this?!
2	Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
2	Well this doesn't even smell like opium.
4	Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
2	Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents. (Ross glares at Rachel)
3	Okay, one more time.
0	Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?
1	So uh, what are you guys doing?
3	Oh nothing, we're just talking. Y'know, blah-blah-blah.
1	Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
4	Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain
4	All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy. (Paul just looks at him.)
4	And I too am just a love machine. (Hums a little bit and mimics Paul's flexing.)
0	(going over to him) I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
3	I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday. (Does one of those Chandler noises.)
0	Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
0	Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel
3	Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
0	It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
2	Look, I'm talking right now! You're - you mean her.
2	No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! (Yells into the apartment) And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you (points to someone) with that! (Storms away.)
4	Slides are almost ready.
4	Uh okay, well there's-there's wine in the kitchen.
4	O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
5	Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!
5	Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
4	Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. (Hangs up the phone and turns to find Jill sitting really close to him.) Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
2	So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.
1	Oh no, not you too!
2	No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
3	Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
0	I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
3	Oh, the mixed tape.
0	You are just the sweetest. (They kiss.)
3	No! You're the sweetest! (He tries to kiss her but Monica backs away with a look that could kill on her face.)
4	It's a great class.
4	Yeah, yeah, I was watching. (The instructor just nods and walks away.) Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
4	I tired attacking two women, did not work.
4	No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.
4	Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together? (He glares at him.) That-that's a no.
3	I am so, so, so, so sorry!
3	And I will cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and do anything in there! (Points to the bedroom.)
0	Inside of telling us you decided to write in your stupid book!
2	(writing in her book) Marcia and Chester are mad at Phyllis.
1	I can't believe I'm going to lose this job!
3	Oh I'm so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
1	Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.
1	Yeah? Well, I don't want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler. (They shake hands.)
1	(incredulous) Why should I help you?!
3	(whispering in Joey's ear) The reason he just said.
1	(happily) What do you need?
1	What are you in love with her or something?
5	Oh but look! That's gonna leave a stain!
1	Rach! Hey! It's fine! You're at Joey's!
5	I've never lived like this before.
1	All right, don't waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
4	What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?
4	Oh, you have some studying to do?
4	Y'know I remember when uh, when I was in college, we used to (He sees some of his colleagues enter and puts his head on her lap.)
4	Nothing, I'm-I'm just, I'm so comfortable with you!
3	Y'know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
1	Oh wow! Okay man, I'm sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
3	Well that's good. Because you didn't! And I'm incredibly happy for ya!!
1	(shocked) That's mean! You really had me going there!
3	Oh, we could do this all day.
1	Yeah, you're right. Okay look, listen, let's talk about what a huge star I'm gonna be!
1	Hey, do we do this too much?
3	I think so. Yeah, get off me.
1	Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
2	(overacting badly) I can't! My circuits are fried! They're fried I tell you!!
1	Wow! (Back to reading the scene.) Well then I'll just have to carry you.
4	That'll be a neat trick, when you're, (looks at the script) when you're dead!
1	Ross, you don't have to yell.
4	There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
2	I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
2	Ross, you can't tell her not to go. You just started dating.
4	Then what am I supposed to do?
2	Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
4	Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
4	I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
4	Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
4	Are you into crafts at all?
4	Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and (notices something) what-what is uh, what's this? (He holds up a rather skimpy bathing suit.)
4	To wear in front of people?
1	What?! He got me! Owwwwww!!!
1	Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
1	Thank you. Thank you.
1	I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
2	So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?
0	I wanna wear this everyday.
5	You look so beautiful.
0	(starting to cry) I'm so happy for me.
1	(on phone) Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?
1	Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake.
1	(jumping up and removing the bandages) I'm back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
3	(To Monica) You have no trouble telling time now right?
3	Quick! What time is it?! (Holds his watch in front of her face.)
3	Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
3	Yeah that was stupid. Let's not do that.
4	And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
0	Then, I'd steer clear of Phoebe.
3	Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with all the guys in my office.
5	(noticing him) Hi! (Puts the pictures away.)
5	Well yeah, sure, what's up?
4	(deadpan) Well, I'm going to take off. (To Chandler) Congratulations man.
4	What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys (holds up his hands) is me. (Quickly realizes what he said and exits disgustedly.)
3	(interrupting her just in time) Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
3	Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
2	I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two (Points to Monica and Joey) actually had hooked up.
0	Honey! Dinner's ready!
1	Ho-ho-ho, (pausing for a rest next to the fridge) fried stuff with cheese!
0	Yep! And lot's of it!
2	(still reading the label) Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! (Checks her watch) That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
2	Oh, it's like a huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, (reads the side effects) no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria - Oh.
4	Yeah, we're better off without them.
2	And y'know, even if they break up again, you'd better not let him in your sad men's club!
4	Divorced men's club.
0	Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
3	Oh yeah, that looks good.
1	Yeah, we look great together.
0	Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
1	Y'know, we don't have to imagine.
5	Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday.
4	Delaware! (Starting to cry.) Delaware!
4	(hands Chandler his pad and walks in) I want my turkey now!
3	You got it. (Starts looking at the pad, while Ross gets the turkey out of the fridge and starts to unwrap it) You got Nevada twice.
2	Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring.
4	You told her before you told us?
3	Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? (Ross and Joey look at each other and go back to watching the game on TV.) Guys? Guys? (Walks in front of them again.)
5	(laughs) Wow! Umm, y'know, I-I would really love to, but I-I shouldn't.
1	Why? (In Drake's voice.) Why can't the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?
5	(awestruck, then not) Isn't that a line from the show?!
1	Uh, yeah but uh, (In Drake's voice) I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
5	That's a line from the show too!
1	Okay, you watch too much TV.
3	(approaching) Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. (Hands it to him.)
1	Thanks! (Looks at it.) Yeah, there's pulp in that. (Hands it back.)
1	I thought we talked about this. I don't like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn't juice. All juice, okay?
3	I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
1	Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. (Turns to Rachel.) Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
5	Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.
3	Okay, anything for you sir?
1	(To Rachel) Did I not just tell him?
3	Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)
3	Okay, uh, how about, how about - y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
1	Well, what's it called?
1	I don't know how to play Cups.
3	I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
3	Okay, here you go. (He deals out two cards each.) I have two queens, what do you have?
3	Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
3	Oh yeah! Okay, let's play again. (He deals out two cards each again.) What do you got?
3	You're kidding right?
3	Well that's a full cup! (Pays him again.)
1	Damn! I am good at Cups!
0	I'm not talking to her!
2	Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
0	Well, maybe you're right - She made fun of my phone pen!
1	All right! But, (To Monica) you do it with me once.
5	What are you reading?
3	I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
2	Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
5	Honey that sounds like fun.
2	Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
2	Yeah! Okay - ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
5	Oh, I read that in high school.
2	This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
1	What's wrong buddy?
1	Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
2	Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
5	I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.
0	Oh, let's not tell this story.
2	Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
5	What?! Joey got a turkey stuck on his head?!
1	Hey, it's not like it sounds.
2	Joey? What's going on?
1	I know! It's stuck!!!
2	(walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?
1	I put it on to scare Chandler!
2	Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
2	Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal.
0	Hey, did you get the turkey basted - Oh my God! Oh my God! (She sees someone is stuck in the turkey.) Who is that?
4	Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.
5	(To the woman sitting in front of her) He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
2	(angrily) That's like the tenth time I've peed since I've been here!
0	That's also like the tenth time you told us.
2	Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause - Oh! I'm pregnant!
4	Pheebs, did you want a cookie?
2	(starting to cry) Thank you so much.
5	So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
2	I haven't really had any yet.
4	All right, here's the ring. (Shows Chandler the wedding ring he plans on giving Emily)
2	Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
5	How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
0	He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try
5	Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
0	Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
0	(To Monica) Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
5	I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
5	Hi Danny! (Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.) Wow! Thirsty huh?
0	Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
0	And you're not gonna do that.
5	(We see a flashback as Rachel describes what happened.) All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh (The flashback shows that she kissed him on the cheek.)
5	Well, I didn't know what else to do!
3	Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
5	I can't believe it! I got a second interview!
1	I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?
5	What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?
0	A kiss? What are you talking about?
5	I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
5	Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
0	He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
5	Maybe. I-I don't know - Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
1	Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. (She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.) She's back! Hot girl's back!
5	Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
1	No, in Ross's building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) She's back! She's back! (Pantomimes) Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
0	All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.
3	Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.
0	Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
3	Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. (He starts for his bedroom.)
0	Wait! What about Joey?
0	(entering from her room) Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
2	Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
0	Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
3	I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
4	Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
0	No, she's out shopping.
4	I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
2	Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
0	Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
1	(to Monica and Rachel) He's talking to London!
0	But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
1	Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
4	(on phone) I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
1	Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
3	(entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
3	Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
1	Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
0	Vomit tux? Who vomited on - y'know what, what you up to Joe?
1	Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
1	A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
0	What's wrong with PBS?
4	Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
0	Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
5	You-you're not wearing a jacket.
0	Oh man! I did it again!
2	(standing up) Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. (As she is talking Joey is sticking the camera under her skirt.) And then my mom wants to know-(notices Joey)-Joey, what are you doing?!
1	I gotta get the before shot!
5	Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
4	Apparently she fell in the shower and hit her head.
2	Oh my God, she's so stupid!
4	Look, Pheebs-Pheebs, it's gonna be okay.
2	That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
5	Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.
4	Yeah, he's head of the department.
2	All right - Ooh! Oh dead God, save me!
3	Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence
0	Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
1	No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
5	Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
0	Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
5	I want the little round waffles.
0	All right. (Looking through a box.) Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
5	Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast!
0	Oh my God! Fog him! Fog him!
2	I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
1	Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right, what do you think?
3	You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
2	I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver
1	(interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)
1	Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.
2	Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway
0	Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
3	Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
1	Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh
3	Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
2	Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat - I don't want to talk about it.
1	Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
1	That was good beer.
2	Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
1	Really? Who-who have you taught?
1	Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
5	Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
0	Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
5	Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
0	Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
5	What? They were like this!
4	Okay! (She leaves.) (To Chandler and Joey.) Hey!
4	I just asked that girl out.
1	Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
3	(reading it) Elizabeth Hornswoggle?
4	That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.
4	(To Phoebe) Ugh, can you believe that guy!
2	Yeah. I really like his glasses.
4	so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
3	(To Rachel) Sounds like a fun party.
5	Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
4	It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
5	Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
4	Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags. (Exits.)
5	And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
3	Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
5	Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
3	Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
5	Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
5	No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
3	Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
5	Not unless different means the same.
0	(to the guys) Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
2	Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
1	Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
5	Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
1	All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
5	Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay. (Goes and grabs a bag, that looks like a purse, and shows it to Joey.)
5	It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
1	It looks like a women's purse.
5	No! No Joey! U-N-I-sex.
1	Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.
2	Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
2	Umm, well, umm Grandma died.
4	Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go.
4	Okay, go left. Left! Left! (The bottom of the couch is hitting the railing.)
5	Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!
4	Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! (She gets it lifted up and they make the first turn.) Okay. You got it?
4	Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it?
5	Any chance you think the couch looks good there?
2	so this guy was all (Mumbles.) And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. (Flashes the badge.) It was just so cool!
0	(cooking something) Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
2	I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
3	Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
2	You could get arrested, right now! (Flashes the badge and they glare at her.) All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. (She heads for the door just as Joey enters.)
1	(To Phoebe) Hey! (Sees that Monica's there.) Oh.
1	Yeah, I didn't know you guys were going to be here.
0	Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this. (Holds out a spoon for him.)
2	I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee - Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
0	You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
3	Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
0	Okay, now you're even cuter!!
3	Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.
3	The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
0	What are you talking about?
3	I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.
0	That's not possible!
0	I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
3	Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
3	Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
0	Hey, I thought you already had one.
3	Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at bigger rocks. (He starts to leave and stops an entering Rachel.) Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
5	Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.
3	Okay, good luck with that. (Exits.)
0	What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
5	Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
0	Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
5	Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
5	Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
0	Okay, what's going on with you?
0	Well, I-I - there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
5	Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, (checks watch) y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if - are you sure there's just not anything else?
1	Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
4	Dude, you are sick.
1	Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.
0	(looks at it more closely) Oh that's an eye removal machine.
5	All right, I'm outta here!
0	I'm kidding! I'm kidding!
0	A small puff of air, now come on!
2	Wait, you can't take the money out.
2	But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor.
2	Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still
2	Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just (She scowls at him.)
1	That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
1	Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
1	Wait a second, I could star in it!
1	I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
4	I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
1	Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!
4	(grabbing a notepad and sitting down) All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
4	And it can't be Joey.
5	I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.
0	You! It's not like it's a big deal! You-you don't still do it or anything!
4	Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
0	Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
1	(to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine's friends are dancers?! And that they're going to be drinking alot!?
5	(sarcastically) No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
1	Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
5	Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
5	So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
0	Ross, if you don't tell them, then I will!
1	Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
4	Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
1	Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
4	What?! What is with everybody? It's Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!
3	I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
3	Were you're parents happy, or something?
3	Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
3	Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
3	(pause) Yeah, you're right about that.
1	Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
0	Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. (Goes to the counter) It was right here, where is it?
0	All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
4	How do you know? You don't have a watch.
0	Oh, we're not doing that. Okay
2	So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
0	What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
2	Cups? You're giving me cups?
0	Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant
0	Hey! How'd the audition go?!
0	Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's (sadly) "Audition didn't go so well. (Happily) Yeah it did?"
4	(Pause) Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
1	(also downtrodden) Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.
0	You got a callback too didn't you?
5	Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.
0	I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him - help him?
5	I don't think he's the one who needs help.
0	No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. (Rachel slowly turns and glares at her.) (Realizing what she just said.) Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! (Rachel again turns and glares at her in disgust.) Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
0	Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
3	(deadpan) Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
4	What? What? What? What is it?
1	Is everything okay?
3	Thank you for that! (To Monica) I was not flirting.
0	It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
0	It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
3	(starts to laugh, but then gets serious) So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
0	Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
1	(walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)
0	Chandler, this actually bothers you?
3	Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
5	Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
4	And thank you, for that.
5	But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
4	What? (Mumbles) What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
4	All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! (To Chandler) And not the one on the menu!
5	Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
5	Okay that is the one we already have!
3	Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
2	Ah-ha! Okay, (takes out a notepad) Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back. (Gets up and heads aft.)
3	(To Monica) Happy plane-aversary.
3	Can I give you a present now?
3	Okay! (He grabs his carryon and starts rummaging through it.) Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
0	I love the "I forgot the present"fake out!
3	How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me"not fake out?
0	Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
2	(sitting down) Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.
3	What-what Richard thing?
2	Oh no. [The patented version.]
3	What Richard thing?
2	(To Monica under her breath) Simmons! Go with Simmons!
0	Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
3	Well, Joey's my best friend.
0	I'm not your best friend?
3	You just said Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
0	All right, all right, at least I'm prepared.
3	Okay. (She grabs a tin of freshly baked cookies) Oh yes. (He reaches for one.)
0	These aren't for you! Are you upset?
0	Rach, there's something uh, important I have to tell you.
5	(gasps) Are you pregnant?!
0	No! But, I'm throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.
5	(laughs) Oh my God! Oh, that's funny, I can't believe I did that.
0	Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
0	Okay. Don't you want a cookie?
0	Maybe, do you need a tissue?
5	Monica, where did you get these?!
5	What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
4	I'm asking you to do me a favor.
5	You are asking me to be your wife!
4	And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.
0	That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.
3	Well you did pull his hair.
3	I'm not getting into this again!
0	Okay! Oh God, y'know what? It's really bad.
3	Well, I told you not to walk. Here. (Picks her up.) There. Okay. (He opens the door, carries her across the threshold, stops, backs out, and lets go of Monica who is only holding on by his neck.)
0	This doesn't mean anything, does it?
2	(To Joey) How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape - (She holds her hand in front of the hitchhiker's face), a rapist or a killer or something!
1	Don't you think I asked him that before he got in?!
4	And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
5	Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! (To the stenographer) And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies"from the record?
5	Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
4	(stands up) That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
5	(stands up as well) What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!
4	And what - (notices the stenographer is still typing) - What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don't get the annulment. Don't type that! What?! Stop typing! (He goes over to where the stenographer is typing and in the process pushes Rachel out of his way.) Hey! Stop typing! (He's still typing.) Stop typing! Stop typing!!
5	(to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what you're keeping me married too?!
5	All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
1	No! Year! Happy No Year!
2	Hey! Look who I found!
2	Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
3	Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
2	Or we could just follow your clever jokes - any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
3	Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
2	Hmm, how about my azzz?
5	Hey, this is hollow.
5	This bench, it's hollow! I can't believe I never knew that! (She pushes all the pillows off it and opens it up) Oh, the presents!!!
2	No, don't look directly at them!
2	Alright, no, we could look at them!
4	Oh my God, you guys!! (He's excited about what he thought happened.)
3	(stopping him from going any further) Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
4	What? (Excited) A-ohh! (Realizes) Ohh. Oh that's right that's right. That's Richard's favorite place too.
3	Oh you knew that. Good!
0	I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.
4	Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.
0	Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
4	Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
0	Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first (looks at Chandler and pauses) weighing stuff.
4	Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I'm-I'm 12 years older than she is.
0	If the school finds out you're fired.
0	She's leaving for three months.
4	Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and
3	I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing pushed back in.
1	Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
3	Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
2	Hey! Maybe you'll die!
1	Sure, now I'm scared.
2	No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
1	Yeah, but I don't wanna die!
2	No-no, it'll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!
0	You stole them from me!
5	You stole them from me!!
0	You just wanna each take one?
5	Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
4	What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
0	Ross, we can handle this.
4	Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
3	Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly! (Monica mocks him and he joins in.)
4	(stopping them) Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
3	Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
0	Love is the best medicine.
4	Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?
4	And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don't ya?
4	(jumping up) Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York! (Storms out.)
5	No-no, I'm staying put.
5	Why, where are you going?
1	No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
4	Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
3	Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
4	Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
3	Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
4	Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
3	That's not specific to girls.
1	This is great, this is great, what else, what else?
4	Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.
3	And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
4	They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.
3	Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
4	(nonchalantly) I'm never gonna find love again.
3	Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? (He gets up from the couch and goes into the bedroom to find Monica, still in the robe, lying seductively on the bed. Or at least she's trying too and as he enters the room, she takes the robe off on of her legs.) Oh-ohhhh!
0	(trying to be seductive) Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.
3	Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.
0	How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
3	I was asleep. (She takes off her robe and starts to shiver) Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
0	Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel. (Sneezes.)
3	Would you please get some rest!
1	(singing) "Happy birthday to you!"
1	What? No-no it's her birthday!
4	Did you tell your sister to ask me out?
4	Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she's cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!
4	Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
3	Let's have Monica decide.
3	Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
0	Why do I have to decide?
3	Because you're the only one that can be fair.
0	I can't be fair. You're my boyfriend.
4	Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
3	(to Ross) Don't try to sway her. (To Monica) (Softly) I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
4	We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth - me.
0	Okay, Chandler, you go first.
0	Well, I'd like to but, (extremely quietly) I'm not sure we have time to go.
1	Ha-ha, very funny - Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
1	That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
0	We didn't give you any money! (Chandler is motioning, "No!")
1	You don't think I know that!
5	see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
5	I know, I know. I went a little crazy.
4	A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
2	(sees Ross) Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
2	(gasps) Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
5	Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.
4	Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel? (She glares at him.)
5	Well there's yore. And uh, y'know, yesteryear.
2	Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate - And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
5	Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
3	Yes, if it really doesn't mean anything, because you know that I'm just not ready
0	I'm gonna go tell Joey that (laughs) that you're back. I was really worried about you. (Exits.)
2	(entering from her room) Hey, did she buy it?
2	So did Heldi show you the place?
3	Yeah, it's beautiful.
2	I can't believe you're gonna ask Monica to marry you!
1	Oh uh, well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.
1	No! No, I quit a long time ago. (Pause) Did I forget to you that one? I'm sorry.
1	That's great, but isn't it gonna bother that people still think you're a porn star?
2	Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
2	Yeah. (She notices some guy putting a coat on his girlfriend is trying to remember where he's seen her before.) (To him) You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? (He tries to rush his girlfriend out.) Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! (To Joey) See?
4	(To Rachel) You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
5	Oh! I knew it! What happened?
4	Umm, she kissed me.
3	(To Monica) Maybe we should give them some privacy.
4	Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
5	Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
4	Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking
5	Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about! (She pulls up her sleeves and steps towards him.)
0	(pointing to the kitchen) Yeah you will! (Points to the bedroom) And, are you kiddin' me?!
3	Come on Monica, it's our Valentine's Day. Please? Please-please, please?
3	So, are we going in there?
4	Ah-ha, nowhere to run! (He starts to run towards them.)
5	I don't like sitting up here! I'm just gonna over (She starts to get up.)
2	(stopping her) No Rachel! They got here first!
2	Why is Ross doing that?
5	Oh my God! Why is he jumping on those women!
2	We should help him!
5	I Well, I don't think they need any help.
3	Yeah, I've been there my friend.
1	Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you - (Off Chandler's look) - You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
5	I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
5	Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. (Everyone looks at her, Ross not happily.) Maybe I have to pee again. (Gets up to try to use the bathroom.)
4	Y'know what? I-I-I I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly
4	Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me! (to Paul) Still not yelling!
4	That's okay, I'm not so crazy about myself right now either.
4	Uh yeah, I guess - Yeah! I guess so.
4	What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
4	What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. (They get up and go over to the table where his colleagues are sitting.) Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
4	That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
4	Really? Its not just frowned upon?
5	I love it at Joey's!
1	Hey, here you go. (Hands her another one.)
3	(To Joey) So, you busy Thursday?
4	Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac
1	Y'know what? I think that's enough for today. Thanks for your help! (He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)
2	(To Ross) He's holding us back.
3	Good-good-good-good.
0	We're really glad you decided to meet our guy.
0	You're gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
5	I don't know. I know I don't work late tomorrow night.
3	Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? (Laughs) Eldad come here! (He stands up from the next table.)
0	Eldad, this is Rachel.
5	Well-well a little blind sided but y'know good.
3	Eldad, sit down. (To Rachel) Move over! Move over now!
3	There you go! There you are! (Rachel stares at Monica and Chandler)
0	Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! (They start to leave but run into Phoebe with her guy in tow.) (To Phoebe) What are you doing here?!
3	Hi. (To Phoebe) Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
2	(looks) Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! (To Patrick) Come on! (They go over to the couch.) Rachel?
5	Yeah, we got him back. Everything's fine.
5	What? Why? Where are you?
1	I'm still on the set!
5	Joey! The wedding is in less than an hour!
1	I know! I'm sorry! The guy's drunk, they won't let me go until we get this.
5	Oh my God! I'm gonna have to find another minister.
1	No! No, I'm the minister! Alright, look-look, put 'em both on the phone, I'll marry them right now.
5	Ugh! Joey, I have to go.
1	Hey! Don't you hang up on me! I'll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
4	There you go. You put on a tuxedo! Now that wasn't so scary, was it?
4	I'm telling you, just a little bit at a time.
3	Yeah okay. Well, what's the next little bit?
4	Getting married. (Chandler panics.) Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you've done everything else!
3	Yeah. You're right. Hey I-I can do that.
3	Okay, excuse me for a minute. (Starts to leave)
5	Oh, did you not want people to know that?
5	Ohh, you can say. Come on, I don't want you to feel like you can't tell me things. (Motions for him to sit down.)
1	(To Chandler) Okay look, Chandler, if this (Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.) you have got to listen! (Tugs on his ear.) (Chandler glares at him.) You're gonna throw that juice at me, aren't ya?
3	It's not all juice! (Rachel quickly gets out of the way.)
4	So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
4	Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
4	Carol our sex life is - it's just not working
4	Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
4	Yay! (To Carol) Seriously, our sex life I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
4	Well I don't know umm, (Pause) what if we were too tie each other up? (Carol's shocked and obviously doesn't like that idea.) Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. (Carol doesn't like that idea either.) Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk? (Carol still says no.) Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
2	I know, I took it hard too.
0	Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about - What are you doing? (She sees that Rachel is unpacking.)
5	I'm not moving! (She re-hangs a picture, crookedly.) Is that picture straight?
0	It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
5	Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
0	Because it's my apartment!
5	Well it's mine too! What else you got?!
0	How about, you're moving!! (Grabs a bunch of clothes and throws them into a box. What follows is a brief sequence of Rachel unpacking and Monica packing the same stuff over and over again as Rachel chants "No."and Monica chants "Yes.")
5	Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!! (She knocks over Monica, grabs a box, and runs into the kitchen.)
2	Hey, how are you guys doing?
5	Great! Monica's moving!
5	Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?! (Monica starts chasing Rachel around the table.)
0	No Phoebe I am mad!
2	Well, deep-deep-deep down!
5	Yeah, I'm just mad!
4	Someone at work ate my sandwich!
3	Well, what did the police say?
4	My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
3	Ross, it's just a sandwich!
0	Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but (motions that he can have it.)
3	(reading) Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
1	I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.
2	Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
4	Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
2	Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. (Writes him a note and the gang reads it.)
0	Phoebe, you are a bad ass!
2	Someday I'll, tell you about the time I stabbed the cop.
0	What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
2	No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.
0	Well, get it off now!
1	I can't! It-it's stuck!
0	Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
2	All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think.
0	Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. (Joey starts giggling.) Joey? Now is not the time!
0	Okay, count to three. 1. 2. 3!
1	(pointing) It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!
3	I'm over here big guy.
1	(turning all the way around, and still not facing Chandler) Yeah, you are! (Starts dancing.) I scared you!
3	(laughing) You did look like an idiot.
1	Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?"And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
4	As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily. (Points at her.)
1	Well, that went well. Yeah.
3	It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
4	(laughs) That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
1	(To the gang) Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
4	(exiting the bathroom) That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. (She slams the door in his face, to the gang) She's just fixing her makeup.
4	And, I love you!! (He walks into the living room)
4	That's true, thanks dad. (To All) People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!! (He starts to dance but stops when no one else joins him.)
3	(shocked) Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!
4	So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
1	Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
3	Oh, it's awkward. It's awkward. It's awkward.
4	I sort've already asked Chandler.
1	What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
4	Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
1	Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
3	You can be the best man when I get married.
1	(pause) I'll never get to be a best man!
4	(to Chandler) Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
3	Oh no-no-no, you - yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
1	(impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
3	I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
1	I can't believe you're not picking me.
3	I'm not even I'm not even
0	So-so there is no party.
5	No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
0	I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.
3	Love what you've done with the place.
4	Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
1	Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't - I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
1	(To Chandler) You're fake laughing too, right?
3	Oh, the tears are real.
2	(smiles) Show me the badge again.
2	(laughing) You are just nonstop!
0	Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! (She runs back to her apartment.)
3	Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
3	I gotta check out this hot girl! (He heads to the window but realizes something, stops, turns and points at Monica.) There she is! (He dances over to her and kisses her.)
1	Damnit!! Did you move?!
4	Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place. (Joey just stares at him) I'm Ross.
1	(Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
1	Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
1	Later! (He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.) Oh man! (Walks down the hallway in desperation.) Hot girl! Hot girl!!
5	Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
4	You got ink on your lip.
3	(To Gary) So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
3	Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you (He gestures and spills some of his coffee.)
3	Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
1	(joining in, in his sleep) Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!
3	Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?
3	Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? (Gunther starts to pour him another cup.) So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
3	Oh, okay, thanks. (He goes back to the couch and rejoins Monica, Joey, and Phoebe.)
0	Chandler, that's like your fourth cup of coffee!
3	Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I'm exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
0	He's in a different room! He's really that loud?
1	Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning's here! Morning is here -
5	Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
0	Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
5	Monica, you don't even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!
5	I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
0	Shut up! This place is a hole!
1	Wow, Pheebs! That sounds great!
2	I know! I know, and I've only been playing for like an hour!
2	Hey! What are you doing here?
2	Oh, well, don't tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
3	Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
2	Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
4	I have no idea. I mean But-but I assure you I will figure it out.
1	Doesn't seem like it's going to work, I mean
3	We're flipping Monica's mattress.
2	Yeah that's better than my way.
5	Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
5	(going through the mail) Oh look! A letter from my mom.
4	So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
2	(To Chandler) Can you hear anything?
3	Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
0	Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
1	(holding a box) Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
1	Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
3	Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
2	All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
1	I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
2	This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
1	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
2	What-what are you talking about?!
1	Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
2	Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
2	I'm having my first contraction!
1	Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)
1	Ooh, something hurts!
2	Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!
1	Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
3	Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
0	That's what it sounded like.
2	No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
3	Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
5	(entering) Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.
5	They're male nurses.
4	(on the phone) No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. (Listens) No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye. (Hangs up.)
1	What's the matter Ross?
4	Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
4	Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
1	That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
3	So you're really okay with this?
4	Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
3	Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
1	Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! He's not even here!!!
5	You guys! You guys!
0	We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
0	And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
5	(proud of herself) Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
1	Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
1	Yeah, you fogged Danny.
4	Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
4	Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
0	Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, (Checks watch) she should be here by now.
4	Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
0	No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
2	So you still hadn't heard from Emily?
4	No, not since I lost her at the airport.
3	I can't believe she can out run you man!
4	Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.
5	Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.
1	You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?
3	No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. (Sits down rubbing his temple.)
1	Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)
4	Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth (Talking into Chandler's ear.) Hornswoggle.
2	Hornswoggle? (To Chandler) Ooh, this must be killing you.
4	All right, see you later.
1	See ya! All right Pheebs, I am ready for my first lesson.
2	Okay. (Joey tries to take the guitar.) Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, (Points to her head.) then you learn here. (Points to the guitar.)
2	Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up names for the way my hand looks while I'm doing them. (She starts to show Joey the chords. Transcribers Note: For this one you'll have to use your imagination, 'cause it would take me 50 pages to describe each one. So if you want to see them, you'll have to wait for this episode to come to a TV near you.) (Holding up her hand and then reconfiguring her hand with each name.) So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady. (Joey tries to imitate them.)
3	What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
2	Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
5	I didn't! Even when I found out umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it. (Goes into her room.)
1	Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out. (Holds up his hand in one of Phoebe's chords.)
2	Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady! (They both laugh at what she said.)
1	(sets the coffee down) Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.
0	Couldn't you just stay like this forever? (His eyes snap open.) Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
3	Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever. (Gets up.)
3	Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.
0	What-what are you doing?
3	I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
0	Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!
0	Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
3	Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
2	No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
2	Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
2	Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert. (Starts to leave.)
3	Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
1	What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
5	(entering) Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.
1	Yeah, but sandwich time is right now. (Removes a sandwich and starts eating.)
5	Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.
1	Why would I return it? I love this bag!
5	All right, then you owe me $350.
1	Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (He's holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)
1	All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
4	What's the part, Anti-man?
5	Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
0	What is going on with you?
3	Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
1	All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, (pause) but I don't want to talk about it. (Starts for his room.)
3	Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? (Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.) I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
1	Well, it involved Monica.
3	You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! (To Monica) I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. (Seeing Monica's stare.) (To Joey) Anyway we're talking about your dream. (To Monica) I love you. (To Joey) Your dream? (Leans in to listen closely.)
1	Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
0	What was the dream about?
0	Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn't mean that-that you're in love with me!
3	No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
1	That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
0	Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
1	In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
3	Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
3	Well there you have it!
0	I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
3	No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
3	Well it's not flexed right now!
5	Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
0	Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
0	Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
3	Sure, I'll do it with ya.
5	Okay great, hold on a sec! (She runs to her room and returns carrying a huge bag of laundry.) Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
0	I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
5	Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?
4	Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
0	Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
5	No! (Gets up to leave.) (Under her breath.) If there was I wouldn't tell you.
2	Okay, then what happened?
2	(gasps) Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. (The chick clucks.) You'll get your turn!
4	(entering from the bathroom) Hey Pheebs, what's going on?
2	Nothing! (Picks up and sets the chick down on the floor.) (To the chick.) This is not over!
4	I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in (The duck quacks.) Actually, thanks!
1	(entering from his room) All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
4	Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
4	Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
1	Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
1	All right, let's go Pheebs.
5	I'm sorry. All right, I'll just stay in here this time. (Puts her head back.) Okay.
0	Y'know what, I'm gonna hold her head.
5	(really excited) Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy! (He took out that thing they use to look at people's retinas and looked at Rachel's when she was shaking his hand causing her to flinch and scream at him.)
5	Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye.
5	Okay, just give me the damn drops! (Grabs them and storms out.)
0	Dr. Miller? (She covers her right eye and reads from the chart) P E C F D.
0	I sure do! (She runs over to a drawer, opens it, and grabs a lollipop.) (To Rachel) And you don't get one!
5	Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
0	They're still in my coat.
1	Hey! You ready to go?
0	Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
5	Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!
0	You had no relationship!!
5	No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
0	Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
5	She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
1	Hey, how do you spell suspicious?
1	Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff.
1	You're driving me crazy with that!
1	Don't stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
1	Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
1	Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
3	Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
1	(jumping up) All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
1	Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they're all gonna' make fun of her, do you want that?
4	Okay, okay, we'll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie! (Referring to the dancers.)
1	(scolding) Dude, they're not objects.
1	Just kiddin,' I'll talk to them, you distract Rach.
4	Hey Rach, can I talk to you outside for a second?
4	So um...Thanksgiving. The holiday season is upon us, hm?
4	And um...You look nice today.
5	Oh no. No Ross, don't do this.
5	I just- I don't think us getting back together is a good idea.
5	I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y'know? And it's probably really hard for you to be alone right now.
4	(just trying to get out of the conversation) Ah well, can't blame a guy for trying!
1	Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he's not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh, or saying "mmm"and uh, oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl), okay?
3	Yeah, I'm not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
0	Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
1	Oh, I don't know . Yeah, can't do it.
1	Yeah, we haven't dropped it in (Looks to Ross.)
4	2 hours, 27 minutes.
0	(on phone, faking she's sick) I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. (Joey makes a high throw and Monica has to catch it way over her head.) (Not sounding sick) Yes!! (Realizes what she just did.) (Sounding sick again) Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not. (Hangs up and keeps throwing the ball.)
4	Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!
5	Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.
0	You have scratches all over you, what happened? (Rachel's arms are covered with scratches.)
5	Oh yeah, I got a cat.
0	I don't want a cat!
1	Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
4	Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
5	Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? (He holds up his pack.) Y'know what, actually (She takes the one he's smoking and heads over to where Nancy and Kim are standing and laughing.) Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
5	Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!"But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
4	Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
1	Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so
4	Yes!! I knew it!! (To the people who didn't make it.) Bye-bye! So long! Later!
1	Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
4	Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
0	All right, I guess we should go.
5	No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!
0	There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
5	Yeah well unless we tell him.
0	Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
5	Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
4	(on the machine) Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye! (He hangs up.)
0	Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
2	(excited) John Glenn is here?!
1	Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
1	(smiling) Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
3	(smiling) Well, what is it?
1	(smiling) Oh, they cut me out of the show.
2	(smiling) Maybe your scene's coming up?
1	(smiling) Not likely. 'Cause you see that body bag right there
2	(smiling) This is terrible, what are you going to do?
1	(smiling) No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)
5	(smiling) Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
3	(smiling) If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
1	Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am! (Points to the screen, of course it isn't him.)
0	Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
3	Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. (He still ain't happy.)
5	Uh, yeah, if you want too.
4	So do I. (Slowly walks in.) Okay Rach, before anything happens (He takes off his coat) I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. (Turns back to face her.) This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us."(Rachel's confused) Okay? I just want this to be (Kicks off his left shoe) about what it is! (Kicks off the other one.)
5	And um, what-what is that Ross?
4	The physical act of love. (Hisses at her.)
5	(laughs) What?! Are you crazy?
4	Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?
5	(gasps) Oh God, you saw me?! Oh!
4	You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.
5	Noo!! No! You thought, you actually thought I wanted to have sex with you?!
4	No! No! (Grabs his coat) No! (Grabs a shoe.) No-no-no-no. (Grabs the other one and heads for the door.)
5	Ohh wow! I'm sorry, but Ross you kicked off your shoes!
4	Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?
5	Ooh, good God, they're so yummy! (She re-ingests the previously expelled cookie matter from the tissue.)
1	God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?""Can't, its not there."
3	Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
1	Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
3	Not once did we do that.
0	So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.
3	Oh yeah? Well, how'd she take it?
0	Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad. (Sits down, slightly disgusted.)
3	And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
0	I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
1	Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
2	Y'know what? I'm not talking to you! You go back to sleep! (To the hitchhiker) And you, are you a rapist?!
2	Do you like car games?
1	Ooh, I'll play! I'll play!
2	No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh! (She closes the partition.)
5	(thinks about it for a second) No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
4	I don't know if it's true.
4	All right. All right, I'll do it.
5	Thank you. (He goes to leave.) Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?
2	And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
2	Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
5	And thank you for your time. (They both beat a hasty retreat.)
1	(entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.
3	But you found the keys to his clothes?
1	No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
0	And people will think you own a Porsche because you're wearing the clothes?
1	Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn't have the car! Right?
2	Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
1	Oh, I've been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)
0	Joey, you know you don't actually have one.
1	Come on! What are you doing?! I'm in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)
5	Oh, this one's for me!
2	Oh, this one's for Chandler. Here.
2	And the big one's for me!
5	Ooh, let's open them!
3	Wait, we can't do this.
3	I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
5	Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
3	Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
2	Will you get us better gifts?
0	Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
3	That's what you got me?
2	Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.
1	Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
0	Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?"I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? (Ross pauses in consideration.) Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
4	No! No! I didn't do that. It's just Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
0	Okay well I think that's your answer.
4	I've got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.
1	Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest bidder is at table one.
1	(To Phoebe) Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.
5	(To Phoebe) Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip?
2	It's a trip for two! (She gets up and takes off her blouse-type thingy she's wearing over her dress.) Excuse me. (She walks over to table four.) Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?
1	Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table?
5	Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
1	You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
4	(entering) Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
0	Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
5	Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they're probably not even listening!
4	They're not listening too me?
5	Of course they're listening to you! Everybody listens to you.
4	Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?
0	I think you look fine.
1	(in a gravely, painful voice) Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I've got a surprise for you."
1	Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just - hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
1	Hi. I'm Joey Tribbiani; I'm here to audition for (Groans) man.
0	Okay, come on, do it one more time!
5	Okay! (Picks up the phone and starts dialing.) (In an Irish accent) "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time! (Hangs up.)
2	Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I'm not going die!
4	You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right - I mean for them. Right?
4	Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
5	Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
4	Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
5	Well, because of us! Because of our history.
4	No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
4	Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
5	Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.
5	Yeah! I'm gonna have a boyfriend, you're gonna have a girlfriend
4	Ohh! That would be great.
5	But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."(Laughs.)
5	Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
5	Okay, um, I...(Phoebe walks into her room.) All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.
2	So, what should you have done?
5	Well, I-I should've told you the truth.
2	Uh-Huh, Which is...?
5	Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...(Starts flapping her arms)
5	Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.
5	Because they're people.
2	But people that you don't know and will never see again.
5	Yes, but still. They're people with eyes.
2	Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss (panting). But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
5	I-I am not uptight - Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
2	That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? (Rachel looks confused) The neighbor's dog.
3	Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
4	Who cares? I repel women.
4	Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
5	Oh so-so not really never.
4	I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just - y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
0	(entering) Chandler, I think I'm sick.
3	Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
3	No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
0	Come on! I really need your help!
0	Fine, I'll rub it on myself.
3	So you're just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
0	Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
0	I can't believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
3	It's all very, very good. (She covers up and sits down.) So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
3	Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
0	Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
3	Can I finish my story?!
4	See, I would never snap at you like that.
3	So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. (He slams his feet up on the table to emphasize his point.)
4	Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
3	I'm not arguing with that.
0	All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
0	You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
0	Hi, Chandler. There you are.
0	Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
2	Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
4	Really?! (To Rachel) Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
5	(not sure of what to do) Y'know what? I don't, I don't think Phoebe really wants to come.
5	Oh, she does want to.
5	Pheebs, I don't know what to say. I guess the flea market was just better last time.
2	Well at least I got these sheets for Ross.
5	Yeah, y'know what? Don't look at it. (Realizes the display is their living room) Seriously, don't look at it. (Tries to pull Phoebe away.)
2	No! Look-look! There's the coffee table they stole from us!
5	Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
2	That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
5	No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the (Looks desperately for something different.) We don't have the that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
2	No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
5	Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
4	Oh wait - hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
5	Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister's mouth long enough to tell me that.
4	Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
4	No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
5	Wow. I, I don't even know what to say. Thank you. (Gently kicks him.)
0	Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
3	(crying hysterically) I just don't see why those two can't work things out!
4	You take care Jill.
3	(starts crying) I-I can't believe Jill's gone. (They all look at him.) I can't help it, I opened a gate.
5	(returning) Wait-wait-wait, I just thought of another story about how nice Ross is!
4	That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
5	Oh! I've got a lot of those too!
1	Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
1	You got it! And the rabbi's beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Pauses as he waits for C.H.E.E.S.E.'s next line.) It's your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! (Suddenly C.H.E.E.S.E. goes crazy and starts flinging it's arms and advancing on Joey behind the desk.) Wayne! Wayne!!
1	Oh, very funny. I don't know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. (Chandler doesn't say anything until Joey figures it out.) You got me the audition?! Let's hug it up! (They hug.)
3	Okay. Okay. (Joey puts him down.) What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?
2	(To Rachel) Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
2	Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
5	No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
2	Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
2	Yeah she said something about crumbies.
3	No! No! No! I was so careful! (Runs out.)
2	(To Rachel) Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
1	That's right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey's.
5	No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don't want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!
2	No but at Monica's you can eat cookies over the sink!
2	All right fine! This looks like so much fun. (Examining the bowl of wet paper towels.)
2	God, what a mess. (She grabs the bowl and heads for Monica's.)
2	Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about.
2	Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what's underneath it.
5	Oh-okay, but Pheebs?
5	I'm just sort of in the middle of something.
2	Oh! Okay! Yeah, that's okay. (To Patrick) Have a seat. (Sits Patrick down next to Rachel.)
0	No! You can't do that!
0	(stopping him) Sit down! We're winning!
5	Okay, y'know what? Maybe I should go!
0	Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
3	It is the softest hair! Touch it! (Both he and Monica do so.)
4	Wh - Hey - Whoa-whoa, where, where you going?!
3	Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
2	(To Rachel) Wait! Maybe, maybe you're overreacting! You do that y'know.
5	Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! (They turn the corner.) Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna go through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
2	Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because they frown on that.
5	Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.}(The happy couple emerges.) Congratulations. (To the best man and maid of honor) Mazel Tov! (The rabbi emerges.) Hi! Oh, great hat. (He's wearing an interesting hat and she takes him over to talk.) Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
5	Yeah! Yeah. They're they're-they're my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
4	Hi! (To Mrs. Bing) Hi! (Mr. Bing starts rubbing his arm.) Hi. Has umm, anyone seen Chandler?
4	He-he was with me umm, we're playing a little game, y'know? Hide and seek.
4	(pause) You're right, thanks for keeping me honest dad.
0	I know! Hey, how's Chandler doin'?
4	Great. He's doing great. Don't you worry about Chandler.
0	Well, you're-you're sweating.
0	Oh my God! That's great! Oh wow! (Hugs him.) You're a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!
3	You wanna share it?
1	(entering) Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
1	Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. Here. (Hands him a cup.)
1	Oh my God! That's great! Congratulations! What's the story?!
3	Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
1	Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
3	Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy (Joey laughs), uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist - as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
1	Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
2	Then keep running. (They resume the chase.)
1	Well, what did you have?
3	It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
3	Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
3	Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. (Joey gets excited.) Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get - No way! (He takes the top card, which is the two of clubs. Of course, any card would've won. Chandler pays him.)
0	Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
5	Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
2	Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
2	You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
5	Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
5	Oh really? Like what Monica?
0	Y'know she has 147,000 pairs of boots
5	Oh yeah, good start Mon.
0	She lets you borrow them.
2	Well, he stabbed me first!!
5	(To Phoebe) Sorry I'm late, but I left late.
5	So Pheebs, what is the book about?
2	I thought you said you read it in high school.
5	Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway - umm, what is this book about?
5	Umm, well I would have to say that it's a, it's tragic love story.
2	(To Rachel) You completely stole my answer!
5	Well, honey that was pretty obvious.
2	Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it!
2	I think that uh, yours is a question with many answers.
2	Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
5	Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
4	Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
4	Yeah that's the same.
0	That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.
2	Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
0	Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
3	Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
0	Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
0	I'll get it! (She runs in, and she's her old fat self like The One With The Prom Video. Not only that, she's out of breath after running a short distance. She goes over and opens the door to reveal Rachel with her old nose.) Happy Thanksgiving!
4	Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!
4	Oh, this is Monica.
4	Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
2	(On the phone, in New York) Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
2	Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
2	No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!
3	Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
0	I know. How could we have let this happen?
0	Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away
0	So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
3	Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
3	Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs
0	I'll meet you there in two minutes.
5	Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
5	Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
0	Oh, I-I don't know.
5	Monica, what should I do?
4	Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
1	Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.
2	One of the babies is kicking.
0	I thought that was a good thing.
2	It's not kicking me, it's kicking one of the other babies. Oh (looks down her dress)! Don't make me come in there!
1	Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
0	Yeah, there's one right under the cabinet.
0	Why do you need it?
2	(awed) You have the power to do that?
3	What are you doing?
3	You built a fort didn't ya?
3	(notices something) Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was (makes a humming noise.)
1	Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.
1	Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
0	Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by.
5	Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be busy.
5	Yeah! Remember I got that uh, gala.
5	It's a uh, regatta gala.
3	Treeger's snaking the shower drain.
1	Maybe he found you flip-flop.
1	Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must've hit something on the remote.
3	Do we pay for this?
1	No, we didn't even pay our cable bill - maybe this is how they punish us.
3	Maybe we shouldn't pay our phone bill - free phone sex.
1	Maybe we shouldn't pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he just said.)
3	Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
3	Y'know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.
3	Phoebe is, making people.
1	Everybody's doing stuff!
3	And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
1	(snaps his fingers) We could climb Mt. Everest!
3	No-no, not something stupid, something huge.
0	Passport, check! (As she puts away each item, she says check.) Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
5	Who are you saying "check"too?
0	Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! (pause) My mom does it, I never realized it was weird.
2	Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
4	Hey! Are you ready yet?
0	Yep! You got the tickets?
4	Oh! Got 'em right here, (Pats his coat pocket) check!
1	It's all London, baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls' apartment.)
3	You got your passport?
1	Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don't want to lose that.
0	Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator
2	Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
0	Yeah, okay, give that a try!
3	(entering, with Joey) All right! Let's do it!
0	Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
2	Oh we can't, we already have plans.
0	What are you doing?
2	Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
2	You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
0	Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
0	Okay. (She gets up and walks over to Chandler.) Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
0	'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
0	So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
4	I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross.
4	Jen, I know this may sound a little (makes some kind of crazy noise) But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or
2	I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake - ooh! Cake! (Chandler shrugs, and Phoebe grimaces.) No.
0	Aww, honey I'm sorry.
2	God! Ooh! What is that smell? It's coming from the bathroom. Ooh! (She goes to the bathroom.)
3	Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.
2	It's me. It's Phoebe. Listen there's something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?
1	Is it the shampoo? It's guava.
1	Oh! Wait-wait! (Reaches inside the shower.) Is it my bologna sandwich?
2	Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!
1	(proudly) Oh, you should here me.
3	It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
1	Look, I told ya, I'm not going to any clinic! I don't have a problem, you're the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone"clinic!
3	They don't have those.
1	Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you've just had your first class!
0	Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over
0	He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
3	Next time you snore, I'm rolling ya over!
1	I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.
0	Have you guys picked a date yet?
4	Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
4	Yeah - oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London
4	Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress
4	Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe? (Shakes his head around, pretending like he's jamming.)
4	Uh, I don't know, whatever.
4	Then don't. Stay here. Just don't go so soon to London, just one more day.
4	One more day, seriously/
4	So, then you can stay as long as you want.
4	Oh no. Don't, don't, don't start packing. Come on! (She puts some clothes into her bag, and Ross throws them out.)
4	Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
2	Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
4	Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
4	Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock's a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
4	Hey, uh, you can ignore that.
4	Uhh, believe me when he's older, he'll understand.
4	I'll be right there. (He goes over and opens the door to Carol, Susan, and Ben.) (To Ben.) Hello! (To Carol.) Hello! (To Susan.) Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
0	Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles
3	And condoms are the way to do that?
4	Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily
5	(interrupting) Oh my God! My dog died!
5	Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!
4	Le Poo's still alive?!
5	Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine-(turns over the note)-teen blocks. Oh. (They all come out from Monica's bedroom) Oh my God.
0	Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
2	I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
3	(jumping on the bed) I can't believe it! We're here!
1	Well, may I ask for one example?
2	Yeah, it's Y'know there's - no you may not!
1	That's because all people are selfish.
2	Are you calling me selfish?!
1	Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
2	I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
4	Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! (He picks up a lamp and hands it to Chandler, for no reason.) It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! (to Emily) Hi!
4	No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
4	Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
2	Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
5	Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
0	Umm. (Looks at Chandler who is using the phone.) Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
5	What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
0	Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
1	Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandma's chicken salad
2	Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either - Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! (Checks under the blanket.) Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
4	Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?
1	Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.
3	Really? Male nurses?
1	Yeah, I was bummed too.
3	So they're going on dates? When?
1	I think Saturday - (groans in pain again).
1	Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
0	Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
0	We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.
0	Wow! That guy is so rude!
5	Really! What is with that guy? I mean you'd forgive me if I fogged you.
0	Well you did a little bit.
5	Oh my God, honey, I'm so sorry!
0	I totally forgive you!
2	So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?
0	Crematorium Chris? Sure!
4	That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
5	Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel. (Goes and puts her luggage away.)
4	So, what? That's it?
5	Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
4	Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best. (They hug.)
5	Oh no, you're the best.
4	(breaking the hug) Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! (Runs to the door.) Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
3	Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
0	Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
5	What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?"I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
3	Oh that's not true.
5	Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
2	London is stupid! Stupid!
5	Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
2	Oh No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
1	Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and
2	Give me your hands. (He does and she smells his left hand.) Strings. Gimme it! (He gives her his right hand and she smells it as well.) Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
2	Then don't touch one!!
3	(notices something) Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? (Pause, no one speaks.) Someone comment on the pants!
5	I think they're very nice.
3	That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. (Motions to Ross's buttock.) Maybe there's something in that area.
4	Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, (To Chandler) I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
4	(after he's left) Okay, seriously, what do you think?
1	You look like a freak.
5	Awful, absolutely awful. (Plus other negative comments from Phoebe and Monica.)
4	What are you, what are you doing?
0	It's my New Year's resolution!
4	What, to blind my child?
0	No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
0	I do not have baby fever!
3	Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
0	Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
3	Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
0	You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! (She storms out.)
3	Well, I did not know that.
3	It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
4	Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
1	Uh-oh, shht! The Misses.
0	Gunther, can I get a coffee (Looks at Chandler) to go?
2	Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
4	Hey, how are you holding up?
1	Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
2	(notices his bag.) Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
1	Here, I brought you some flowers. (He pulls them out of the bag.)
3	Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.
2	Umm here's your 3-D glasses.
2	So how did you know Francis?
2	Really?! What's your name?
2	You're Frank Buffay?
1	(approaches, wearing his glasses) Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out. (Moves his hand towards and away from his face.) It's like it's coming right at me. (Chandler helps out a little bit by pushing on Joey's arm, which causes his hand to slap him in his face.)
0	Oh, did you catch him?!
4	Wh-what did he say?!
0	Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! (Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.) But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
1	No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
1	Friends first? That's interesting.
0	You become friends after?
1	No, never done that either.
5	(entering) Hey, umm, do you guys have that tape measure?
3	Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom.
2	Excuse me, is this your car?
2	Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
4	No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to
0	Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
3	That new mountain bike?
0	Well what did you send?
4	A basket of mini-muffins.
2	But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
5	What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?
4	Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
3	Your work makes me sad.
4	Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again! (Exits.)
5	All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
2	Bye Chandler! (She walks up to him.) (Quietly.) I miss you already. (She pinches his butt.)
3	(after they've left) Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
3	Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
0	Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
3	Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
0	I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
0	Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
3	You're not even giving them a chance!
0	They have racquets don't they?!
3	Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? (Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!
0	I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do.
0	I can't believe you let them win!
3	Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. (Removes a smashed racquet from his bag.)
0	I was frustrated with you!
3	Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.)
1	Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!
2	Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
3	Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
1	Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
3	I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
1	Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
3	So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
1	Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years."I'm gonna be a millionaire!
3	All right, bye-bye now!
1	All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.
3	Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
1	Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
3	Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
1	Uh yeah, right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)
2	Thank you, Happy Holidays.
2	Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't (The lady ignores her and walks off.) Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
2	Hey!! (The bucket starts smoking.) The charity's on fire! Help! (Yet another guy walks by carrying a cup, which Phoebe grabs.) Oh good! Thank you, I need that. (She throws onto the smoldering fire. Suddenly the bucket erupts in flames.) Whoa! What is that?! (She sniffs the cup.) (To the guy.) It's nine o'clock in the morning!
1	Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
3	(entering from his room carrying a fire extinguisher and wearing oven mitts) Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid - Op! Op! (He puts out a small fire which has re-ignited in his room.)
4	This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
1	You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
4	(To Chandler) And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. (To Joey) Now come on!
4	No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done! (After Joey walks past, Ross throws the ball down in pain.) Ahh! (Chandler shows him the burn spots on his oven mitts.)
1	Rachel, there you are! Come on, let's serve that dessert already!
5	Joey, you're gonna have to stop rushing me, you know what? You don't get any dessert.
5	No, I'm just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it's trifle time!
2	So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn't it?
2	Wow. So then did you make it with beef or Eggplant?
2	I can't have any. You know I don't eat meat. (Faking dissapointment.) Ohhh no.
5	Alright, Monica, I want you to have the first taste.
5	Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!
5	Op! Wait, you dropped a pea.
0	It's so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who's eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
3	(clearly lying and hating the dessert) Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
0	(again, lying) I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
0	(To Rachel) What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
5	Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
2	Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?
3	Yes I did, and I think you should do it.
3	He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
3	I'm sorry. (Pause) If you ask me, I'd move in with him.
2	Ohh!! God! (Gary enters and she sees him) Ooh! (To Chandler) Get out of here, good for nothing.
2	No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this. (She stays still for a brief second.)
1	Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
4	No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
2	Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
3	Ah sure. What's in 'em?
3	Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
4	Seriously that's a lot of cups.
3	Y'know I rued the day once didn't get a whole lot else done.
2	Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. (She goes and opens the door to Joey.) Oh, hi Joey!
1	Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
1	Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
4	Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
1	That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
1	I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
3	(pouting) It was a car backfire!
1	Yeah, I didn't know that.
4	And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.
3	Who jumps at loud noises!
4	Wow! I could've died tonight.
3	Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. (He gets up and starts for the door.)
3	(returning) Oh my God! (Storms out.)
2	Yeah! Sure! Yep! (Gets up) Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
1	Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
1	Dude! How come you took off?
3	Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever
1	No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
0	(following her) Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
2	But I already gave them back to you!
2	All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. (Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?
5	It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay! (Goes to the door.)
2	Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.
5	Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
2	Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
4	(To Phoebe) Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
2	(she just looks at him) Why are you being weird?
2	No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
4	Okay, I'm working on my flirting.
5	Yes of course, absolutely! You're right. I'm sorry.
4	All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack. (Starts to leave)
5	Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
2	Hey you guys wait! Guys! (Catches up to them.) This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
0	Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
2	For 99 cents, I'd eat you. (Sees the casino) Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! (Points to Joey in his gladiator suit posing for a picture with two old ladies.) Oh! Look! Hi!
2	Hey! Joey! (They all head over to him, he spots them coming and panics.) Hey! Hey!! Wow! (She hugs him.)
3	Love your condoms my man.
1	What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
2	Why are you dressed as a gladiator?
1	Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. (To no one in particular) Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
0	Who are you talking too?
1	They uh director. Uhh, her. (Points to an old woman standing behind him. Who glares at him and walks off.) All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.
3	Why?! What happened?!
1	Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
3	Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
4	Yes, second in two years. Third overall.
4	Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk
4	This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.
1	Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
2	You can still sleep at night and stuff.
1	Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
2	Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?
2	Is it a meatball sub?
1	That is incredible! You are the master!
5	Huh, that's funny. You look like you're gonna be the
0	No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
5	All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful. (Exits.)
3	All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
0	I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
0	I don't want things to change! Do you?
0	All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
3	Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!! (Runs out.)
3	(entering, slowly) Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
3	Ahh, I think it just moved. It's really poking me.
0	All right, that's it, we're going to the emergency room.
2	What?! No, you can't, you can't leave me here with them! We're baby-sitting!
0	The babies are asleep, I'm sure you'll be okay on your own for a while!
2	But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
0	He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
2	But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
3	I think that's gum.
2	I'm pretty sure it's gun.
3	Okay, listen this really hurts. Let's go.
2	A real man wouldn't just run to the hospital! (They don't stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)
1	Why isn't that valet back with my Porsche?
5	This is totally your fault!
4	My fault?! You threatened the judge!
5	Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter's machine!!
1	Hi! How are the Gellers?
1	Oh, yoii. What was that for?
1	Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
1	But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?
1	Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
0	We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
5	(To Joey) Okay. Okay. (Shushes him.)
1	Are you kidding me?! She's gonna this boat!
5	Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife's name?
5	Pam! Oh God okay, just imagine this, "The Pam."
5	Okay, uh-uh imagine this, "The Mr. Bowmont."
5	Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. (She sits down next to him.) All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h - (sees that he's bald) - arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can - ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
1	No way! It's mine!!
1	All that stuff you just said? I want that!
5	But Joey you don't have $20,000!
1	Who cares?! I-I'll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
1	Oh my God, you're back!
2	Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! (Chandler is frantically trying to wave them off.)
0	Why do you want to see my hand?
2	I wanna see what's in your hand. I wanna see the trash.
5	Really?! How do you know?
2	Because my psychic is dead! She must've read the cards wrong!
2	Eh, better her than me! Hey, let's bake cookies!
3	Listen, I'm really glad you got the part.
3	But are you sure you can do this?
1	Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
1	Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.)
1	"Take could care of your Momma son."(Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) "Take could care of your Momma son."(Alex does nothing.) "Come on son! Your Momma's good people!"
1	Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?
1	(he stops screaming at action) "Take good care of your Momma son."(Again Alex does nothing.)
4	(laughs as well, but for a different reason) Yeah, I didn't think of that.
3	He's being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
4	No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
0	Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
4	Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room represents! And unfortunately, this room (Points to Rachel's room) could destroy you!!
3	Yeah, I'm not so worried.
0	Yeah, no, me neither.
0	You still want to move in together right?
0	Ross didn't scare you?
3	Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
0	Come here, I want to show you something!
3	Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
3	(blocks the door) No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.
3	(to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
4	I-I had to show Chandler something?
4	Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.
0	Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
3	Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
0	Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
4	Dude, what'd you have?
3	Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
4	(realizes something) The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
3	That's perfect! That's brilliant! (Starts going through the photo album)
4	So really, what'd ya have?
1	Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"
3	Oh come on you big faker!
0	What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
3	Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
0	Okay, if you really wanna have sex
0	Worked like a charm.
5	Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?
5	Well, I-I don't like it.
5	Yeah well, I'm-I'm a slut.
4	Rachel! Well, you-you're not at home, you're-you're-you're right here.
5	Yeah I know, and I bet you thought it would be weird. But it's not!
4	Okay. So well I'll umm, (To Rachel) I'll have her home by midnight.
5	Why aren't you home yet?!
0	(calling from the bathroom) Is someone there?
3	(starts to recite a rehearsed speech) Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. (Pause.) Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and - (He falters and Monica prompts him.) - generosity of spirit.
5	Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
2	Really? I've heard better.
0	Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
3	(To Chandler) I'm out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
0	Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
3	(pauses as he struggles with what he has to say) You're a little high maintenance.
3	I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like maintaining you.
0	(embarrassed) (To Phoebe and Rachel) I didn't even tell him to say that. (They hug). All right you're off my list.
3	(happily) I'm off the list. (Sits on the couch.)
0	(sits next to him) Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
3	Hey, buddy boy, how'd the audition go?
1	Not good, no. I didn't get the part, and I lost my job here, so
2	I can't! I can't! Unless Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
5	What?! No! I'm not gonna move out!
2	But are you saying that you would move out if I didn't buy that lamp?
2	Okay then I don't have a choice! I have to buy that lamp!
2	But at least the apothecary table is real.
1	Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
3	That's totally understandable.
0	Don't worry about it.
1	Oh well then, good night!
1	See? Eh, wasn't that fun?
3	And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, (Imitating her) "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
4	Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
4	I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
4	Well I-I-I don't care how hot it is it's-it's uh, it's wrong.
4	(feeling it too) No! No! It's wrong! It's-it's-it's naughty. It's taboo.
4	Let's also get a hot plate!
3	It's Thursday! How was the audition?!
1	Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs - (He gasps in horror.) Oh! (Runs out and Chandler just shakes his head. After a second Joey runs back in to grab a piece of pizza and runs back out.)
2	Rachel? Patrick is really rich. (To Patrick) Give her some money.
0	That's right Patrick, bye-bye!
3	(To Rachel) Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! (To Eldad) You dance for Rachel!
5	No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! (She gets up to yell at her 'friends.') What is the matter with you guys?
2	Yeah, okay, let's talk it out.
5	I Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?
5	I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
2	Then why did she ask us to
5	I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean (To Patrick) congratulations on all the cash, (He nods) and-and y'know - (Feels Eldad's hair) - Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! (Grabs her stuff, starts to leave, then turns back suddenly, and to Eldad) Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
4	So uh, have a great time down there.
4	Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
4	These-these are beads of joy.
0	Oh that's sweet. Don't touch me.
4	Uh Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
4	Chandler's gone again!
2	Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?!
1	Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy's hammered!
1	So I uh, I just talked to the director. That's it, we're done for the day.
1	Yeah! You you were wonderful.
1	So I got your car, it's right outside.
1	That's what you told me.
5	Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
0	Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!
5	Ohh! And I'm one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!
0	Well, y'know it's none of my business, but aren't you married?
5	Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
5	Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
0	Yeah I can! (Laughs) And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha! (Laughs.)
5	Monica. You've, you've done it right?
0	(giggles) Of course I have! What do you think, I'm some 30 year old virgin?
5	Oh my God! You're a 30 year old virgin!
0	Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
0	It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
0	Y'know what? You are right?!
5	Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever
5	Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
0	Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! (To Phoebe) She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
0	When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
5	Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
2	That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
0	When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
5	Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
0	And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. (To Rachel) (Starts to cry) You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! (They both break down in tears.)
5	Oh, it's gonna be fine.
5	But honey, I think she's moving in with Chandler.
2	Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
0	Kinda. (She hugs Phoebe and looks out the window. She moves closer to it to get a better look.) Oh my God!
4	(answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Mon, how's the packing going? (Listens) Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right - Oh my God! (He looks over at the fake Ben and notices that the head has fallen off.) Get your head of your shirt there son! (He tries to push the pumpkin through the neck hole.) What? (Listens) Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
1	Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
0	Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
4	That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. (Joey walks by with a cup of coffee.) Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
1	So you uh, still wondering?
1	You're smart. I like that.
1	Oh no-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait!!
5	Joey, is what she just said umm - Oh my God. (Looks around the room.) You were actually gonna (Chandler picks this moment to return to the living room.) (Rachel stares in shock.)
3	What is going on here?
5	And with Chandler in the next room. What are you, what are you sick?
1	I'm Joey. I mean, I'm disgusting. I make low-budget adult films. (Points at Chandler, angrily.)
1	Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
1	Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
3	Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.
4	So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
4	Well, that's cool. So did (She walks away from him and he shuts up.)
4	Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
3	Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
4	So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
3	Emotional Knapsack?
3	Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
4	Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
3	Dude, don't do that too me!
4	All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.
3	No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
3	I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
0	Just uh, do the right thing. (Uses some breath spray)
0	Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box! (Tries to leave, but is stopped by Rachel.)
5	Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
0	Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realize that, I can't help you.
5	Okay, you're right. You're right. You can't help me.
0	Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
3	Forget it, that's off.
0	Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
1	Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
3	The man's got a point.
1	Oh, we're having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)
5	Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us?
2	Hey!! Get your ass back here, Tribbiani!! (Joey walks back in, scared.)
0	What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
1	Oh, it's Ross's bachelor party.
1	Then you're not invited. (Starts for the door again.)
5	All right fine! You're not invited to the party we're gonna have either.
1	Oh-whoa, what party?
0	The baby shower for Phoebe!
1	Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don't want to do! Later! (Finally, he makes his exit.)
2	I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great! (Really excited) A party! (Really, really excited) Yay!! (Suddenly, she starts crying and Rachel moves to comfort her.) I don't know why.
1	This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
5	No-no, but I support it.
5	Okay. (Closes the door.) Walked right into that one didn't he?
0	What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
0	Great. So the ball is in his court?
5	Ball? There is no ball.
4	(glaring at him) Joey, please! (Motions to his computer.)
1	Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
1	No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
3	Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
1	No, the quiet down thing!
3	(gasps) All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
1	All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
3	Like finding money with naked people on it!
1	(to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)
5	All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat? (She makes a move for the remote.)
3	We don't know what could make this go away.
1	Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
1	Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will, okay?
0	Well at least, I'm going to mute it.
3	We still have porn.
5	Honey, what are you doing? That's too heavy.
1	No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
3	Why not?! I mean it's just, it's just climbing! It's just, it's just steep!
3	We're going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
1	We're gonna climb Mt. Everest!
2	Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y'know you can die. And, you would die!
1	We could get that Everest video though.
3	Yeah, we could do that without y'know risking our lives at all!
2	So you guys'll stay here and hang out with me?
4	Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he's so cheap, he'd never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough? (Hands her some envelopes.)
5	Chandler, there's a guy right over there. (Points to the counter)
3	Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
0	Didn't it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?
0	They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care?
5	Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
1	Sure! It flushes it.
5	Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?
1	Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.)
2	(holding a lure) So now, what is this now?
1	Glow-pop giggly jammer.
2	(laughs harder) You make it so funny.
3	Okay, 'cause that's not gonna get annoying.
3	Hey, y'know what? I was wrong.
4	Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
2	Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't - can't get up.
4	Oh, I'll-I'll come hug you.
2	Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
2	Oh, have a great wedding!
2	Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
2	Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it's on the counter in your apartment.
4	Thanks! (They hug.) Ugh, I can't believe you're not gonna be there!
4	So-so come! Why don't you come?
4	To London! Come to London. Please? It'll mean so much to me.
5	Yeah, well, I gotta work, I'm sorry.
4	People can hear you.
3	Wow! She looks great. Doesn't she?
4	That is one good looking man!
3	Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
4	Here's your girlfriend's button. (Holding the button.)
2	Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
0	Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?
2	Well, it's just that maternity clothes are so expensive.
4	I will give you a call.
3	No, you're the best.
0	No, you're the best.
3	No, you're the best.
1	(entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What 'cha been doin'? (Has a silly grin.)
0	(looking out the window) Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
1	I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. (He looks out the window.) Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
1	Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
0	What are you talking about? (Pointing out the window.) She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
5	(angrily) BACK OFF!!! (She starts banging on their door.) Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!!
1	It's the chick! She's going through some changes.
0	What kind of changes?
3	Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. (The rooster crows.) We're getting a second opinion.
4	Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
2	You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
5	Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around
2	All right. I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's embryo transferred into my uterus.
2	Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!
1	Oh, wait-wait! (Reaches into the shower again.) Maybe it's a pickle?!
3	What are you writing?
5	Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
3	Oh yeah? (He grabs the pad and starts reading it.) Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you (Pause) never go out of style - what did you throw away?
1	Hey, what have you guys been up too?
4	Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.
0	I don't know how museums work in England but, here, you're not supposed to take stuff.
1	Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
4	Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. (Chandler is shocked.) She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
0	Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
4	Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
0	I'll pick it up for you!
3	Oh, she's got you running errands, y'know, picking up wedding dresses (Laughs and makes like Indiana Jones and his whip) Wah-pah!
3	Y'know, whipped! Wah-pah!
1	That's not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
3	That's what I did. Wah-pah!
1	You can't do anything!
5	Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!
5	Oh! It's you. (She stops doing the dishes.) Hi.
4	Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
5	Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so
4	So listen uh, I know you and I haven't really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
4	I know if you were getting married I'd feel, kinda .. y'know.
5	Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I'm okay.
4	All right, I just wanted to check.
1	Uhh, Pheebs, those are uh, those are Santa pants.
3	Santa pants. (Phoebe still doesn't get it.) Santa Claus's pants.
2	Nuh-uh! They're maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. (Pulls out a sheet of paper which lists who's been naughty and who's been nice.) See, these names are good, and these names are bad. (Finally, she figures it out.) Ohh.
5	So - Hey, Pheebs! So, how are the elves?
2	I don't know! How are the-the-the-the, y'know - You're clothes aren't funny.
0	Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?
3	Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don't belong here."
1	You have Knicks tickets?
5	Yeah, my mom got my dad's season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.
0	Yeah, apparently, they're pretty good seats.
1	(examining the tickets) Oh my God! Those are almost right on the floor!
5	Do you guys want these?
5	Ohh, well you got 'em.
5	Just give us our apartment back!
4	Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so
4	Oh come on! That's-that's true.
3	Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
2	Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book (Holds up a book) and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
3	Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
1	Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?
2	No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
1	Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?""Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
3	Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. (Phoebe doesn't think so.) Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
1	Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
3	Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
0	Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!
0	Come here. (He does, and they kiss.) Okay, be right back.
3	Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!
0	We're switching rooms.
3	(looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
0	No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. (He glares at her.) Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
3	Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! (He grabs their bags and sprints out.)
4	Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
4	Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing Okay, (Rachel has her back turned to the camera, and Ross isn't looking at her.) here goes. I made a promise that-(they cut to the other camera and Ross notices something coming out of Rachel's nose)-Oh hey!
4	You're nose is bleeding!
5	Oh God. (He hands her some tissues.) No! Oh not again! (Wiping her nose.) This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. (She puts her head back.) Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
4	Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.
5	Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.
3	Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
1	That he doesn't exist.
5	So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?
3	Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
5	So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?
0	Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
3	Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
5	I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
3	Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?
0	I might've said that. (Chandler laughs.) Why is that funny?
4	Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
4	She wants me to move to London.
2	Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
3	This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
4	To be fair, he doesn't seem to be impersonating Fonzie
2	(interrupting) What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
4	Again, it's not that he
3	(spotting her) Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!
0	Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
3	Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
3	Fine! Maybe I will too!
1	(entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
2	Hi! And you're going into what grade?
2	(interrupting) Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.
2	Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go!
2	He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
5	Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
0	Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
4	(on phone) I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye. (Hangs up.)
3	Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
4	No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.
4	I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there. (Points.)
1	Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?
4	I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
1	Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?
4	Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice
1	It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
3	Okay, I gotta go to work.
3	And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
3	Pheebs! (He goes over and kisses Phoebe, who is also stunned.) Always a pleasure. (And he struts out leaving the girls to stare at each other.)
0	Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
5	Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't - I still can't believe it. (Rachel grabs the picture from Monica)
0	Honey, sweetie, by the edges.
5	I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it (She grabs the rest of the pictures)
5	I mean it's my fault.
0	Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!
0	Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
1	(To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.
1	Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)
4	(talking to himself) My God! These pants are burning up! (He's still wearing the leather pants.) (She snuggles closer.) Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! (Out loud.) Are you hot?
4	Okay, it must just be me then.
4	That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
4	(in ecstasy) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh .
2	Tiger! (Joey moves his hand in an attempt to do the chord, in fact he does it with each name.) Dragon! Iceberg!! (He fails.) Joseph, did you even study at all last night?
1	(thinks) (quietly) G-sharp.
1	What?! I didn't touch a guitar!
2	No, but you're questioning my method!
1	No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks, taking another picture.)
2	Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
1	Your other student, was you!
2	Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
0	I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
3	Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
3	Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
0	Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one. (She walks out.)
4	What are you doing?
2	Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it's a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man! (A guest walks up to her.)
2	Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.
4	Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
2	Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
4	Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
2	No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
2	Yeah, okay, my bad.
2	He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda."(They stare at her, dumbfounded) Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
2	Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
1	What did you say to him?
2	Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
2	All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
0	All right, let's go say good-bye.
1	(entering, with bag) Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
3	And a date with a man!
2	All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
5	Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
2	Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
0	Well, at least you scared someone.
2	Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop. (Shows the badge.)
2	Ohh, no. (Pause) Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4. (Tries to leave.)
2	I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.
2	Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz?
2	Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.
2	(starts to walk away, but stops) Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
2	I-I sure will, take care. (Starts walking off.)
5	Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch?
0	Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
0	Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
3	(a little hurt) Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps - She knows!
3	Phoebe knows about us!
1	Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
1	And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
1	No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
3	Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
5	Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!
3	If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
0	Y'know what really bothers me? Is - it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!""Not if I see you first, Doug!"(Mocks the fake laugh.) I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
3	Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
0	I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
1	Maybe we should check the trash chute.
5	Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.
1	That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
0	Oh my God! (She goes to hug him, stops short, and hits him on the shoulder.) Where the hell have you been?!!
5	Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!
2	What were you doing?
4	I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.
5	You walked around all night in the city by yourself?
1	(snaps his fingers) He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
4	Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
0	I wanna say good-bye at the car!
1	Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
5	Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss.
5	Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing! (Runs after him.)
4	Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? (Phoebe ignores him) Pheebs? (Turns away) Hello? (He sits down next to her and she moves over a bit.) Phoebe? (He moves closer and she keeps moving away.) Phoe-Phoebe! (They end up hanging over the arm rest.) Come on! (He grabs the magazine away from her.)
2	Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.
4	Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
2	Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
4	Well, I don't know.
2	Well, I can't help you.
4	Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?
4	Okay. So we're, we're good?
4	All right. (Gets up.) I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?
5	So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.
5	(not sure what to do) Uh, it was very nice meeting you. (They continue to ignore her.)
2	Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! (Hands it to Monica.) Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
5	Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.
4	Wha? No no! Ah! (Ross scarfs all of his trifle down in about a second. He looks like he's going to throw up.) (Lying) All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left.
4	It tastes like feet!
1	What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
5	...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
3	(lying) Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
2	Rachel, come here. (Rachel walks over to Phoebe. Chandler sits down on the lounge-chair.) Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
5	Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
2	I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
5	(humoring Phoebe) Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
2	Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
2	Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
4	Oh yeah, about telling Mom and Dad, I was thinking about maybe writing a letter.
0	Alright, you know what? That's it. You've had your chance.
0	(out loud, to her parents) Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college!
2	That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
2	I just - I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
2	I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just - I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
2	Which is why my answer is yes!
2	Uh-huh! (They hug.) I'm so happy. (She's not happy.)
4	(catching the ball) Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
3	Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
3	All right, let me in. (He jumps off of the counter to join in the game.)
0	(jumping in front of him) No-no! Don't do it! Don't!
1	Oh yeah, that's right!
4	It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?
3	It's throwing and catching!
1	What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
3	(shocked) Well I mean, let me get the door first. (Goes and opens the door.) Oh, hi! No one. (Exits.)
4	Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
1	At least I care about his feelings!
1	Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn't get it?
4	And why wouldn't he get it?
4	Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
1	You just give him a spoon baby!
4	Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!
1	Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
4	You're kid's name is Raymond!
5	Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
0	No, I'm-I'm serious!
1	Is something wrong?
3	No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.
3	You dove in front of Ross! Ross!
1	That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!
3	I do not hate Ross!
1	Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
1	I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
3	Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
1	Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I knew you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
3	When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
1	Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
1	I know it doesn't make much sense
1	Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!
3	So you risked your life, for a sandwich!
2	Ohh! I did not get that.
0	Chandler! (Joey and his grandmother shush them and wave them away, which they do.) Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
3	Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
0	Go on, teach me something about men and women.
3	Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal."But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
0	Well that's pathetic!
0	And this goes for all guys?
3	All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
1	(To Ross in the kitchen) All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
4	Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like (checks his watch) ten minutes left!
1	I know, I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
1	(dejected) Yeah, all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.)
3	Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! (Tries to pantomime it for her.) Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. (Pause.) So, you're old and small.
5	(entering) (To Phoebe) (whispering) Hey!
5	The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer. (Puts 'em on.)
1	Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. (To Chandler) I'm sorry man.
3	No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
2	So you're a gladiator! Wow!
1	Yeah, what-what's going on?
2	Monica had lunch with Richard.
2	Noo! But that would've been so cool!
3	No! Her boyfriend Richard!
3	When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
0	You're right. I'm sorry. I should've told you.
0	I promise you, next time I will absolutely tell you.
3	There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
0	I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
4	Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
4	Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? (Russell glares at him.) I will think about the therapy.
0	Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
0	Hey Rach, what about this? (She holds up a chrome 5-point star.) Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
5	(grabbing the star) What the hell is that?
5	Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!
0	Something to remember me by!
5	Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
0	But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
5	Are you okay? You're not blinking.
0	I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
0	Then all your stuff would be here.
3	Well, what if all my stuff was here?
0	Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
3	Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
0	Live together? There have been no signs for that.
3	Me asking is kind of a sign.
0	Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!
0	Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
3	The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! (Runs out.) Ready?!
5	Don't call us that! (Storms away)
4	The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? (Walks on.)
1	Hey! It's Porsche!! (He's right y'know.)
3	Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
3	And protected them from a tornado?
2	I know, the babies are asleep.
0	Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
2	I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
3	Was the setting of Phoebe's triumph.
3	Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
0	You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
3	(pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
5	(deadpan) Oh honey thank God you're home, I was getting worried.
4	I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
5	Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
0	Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. (To Ross) Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
5	'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
0	What? We could do it!
4	I don't know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.
0	I can do it, okay? Come on, let's go. (She and Ross get up)
3	Now you do that, you're on TV.
2	Eww! Oh, it's all dirty. You should throw this out.
0	(suspiciously) Okay. (Exits to carry out Phoebe's wishes.)
3	(after the door closes) What did you guys just do?!
3	Richard was there so I couldn't do it!
3	I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
3	Who walks into a room and asks to see a person's hands?!
2	Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor
3	This is terrible. What am I going to do?
2	Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
3	That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
2	Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
3	I can do that, I've had 30 years of practice.
1	Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off! (They give each other fives.)
0	(entering) I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
5	Uh no, he's not. Can I take a message?
5	Ross got married again - Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
4	(British) Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? (Giggles.) (American.) All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? (Everyone raises their hands) About paleontology. (They all put their hands down.) All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression
4	(in the accent again) Well, hello Rachel!
2	Have you really done this before?
1	Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don't hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
3	What are you doing?
2	We're just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
0	This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
3	Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
3	Y'know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
3	Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
0	Oh my God! I love that!
2	Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
4	(To Rachel) So umm, where are the other guys?
5	Umm, well let's see Monica and Chandler are occupied.
5	No, the other thing. I really think it's great they work things out.
4	Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
5	Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
5	Thank you. (Gets up) Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
4	Yeah, I'm-I'm sure. (Deadpan) Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind. (She exits)
1	Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
1	Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
1	All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
1	No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
1	Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
5	Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!
2	See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
5	Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. (Turns and bumps into a mounted policeman and falls) Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry! (Runs off.)
0	Is it okay for me to come in now?
0	Why is everything different?
5	Oh yes, it's me! Sorry!
3	(calling from the bathroom) What are you doing here?
5	Uh, I'm just, I'm just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?
5	(gasps) Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.
0	(entering with Chandler) Who? (She looks out the window at Ross's apartment) Is that your sister?
0	God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!
5	Oh my God, look-look he's taking off her clothes!
3	He's taking off her coat!
5	Oh, this is just terrible.
3	Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! (Rachel looks at him.) Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. (Pause) Well, I'm off to bed! (Goes to bed.)
2	Wow! That is a bad audition.
5	How-how did you lose your job here?
1	Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
5	He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
1	Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
5	Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him - No, I really shouldn't say anything - No, I should say something to him. (Goes to the counter) Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him
5	That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
1	That's great. Thanks Rach.
5	Yeah, pretty nice, huh? Now who's a pushover?
2	(returning from the bathroom) Rach, you're in my seat.
2	Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
5	Oh, yeah. Definitely you, Pheebs.
0	(steps up and points at her) All right! You and me! Let's go! Right now!
1	All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! (To Chandler and Monica) You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! (They start to leave.)
3	(To Monica) Y'know I think you can take her.
0	(to Janine) You'd better hope I don't see you in the hallway!! (They exit.)
1	All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
1	I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. (Starts to break up) I'm very upset.
1	Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. (He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.)
0	What did I tell you about the hall?!
0	Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
0	Now come on. (They hug like men.) Well, I'm glad we worked things out.
4	It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
4	Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
2	Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
5	Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
3	So what was it for anyway?
5	I wanna say a disease.
2	Oh my God, look! That's Elizabeth!
5	Oh-oh Professor Geller.
1	Ahh, to be 13 again.
1	No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! (Joey picks him up in a fireman's carry and carries him out.) Here we go.
4	You're not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
4	Hiiii-Ya!! (Chandler lies back down.) I'm serious! You're not walking out on my sister!
3	(standing up) That's right! I'm not!
4	Then where the hell have you been?!
3	I know about Monica.
3	Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking.
4	What?! What?! Talking about what?!
4	Know what - If somebody doesn't tell me what's going on right now
2	What? You'll hi-ya?
0	Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
5	Oh what do you know? Virgin!
0	Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!
2	Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects.
0	Phoebe! Put that cigarette out!
2	No! It's not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me!
2	Okay! Okay! (Puts it out and comes out of the bathroom.) I'm so glad you're here.
4	Come on. (Helps her into bed as her phone rings.) I got it.
4	(on the phone) Hello? (Listens.) No she can't come to the phone right now. (Listens.) Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye. (Hangs up.)
2	Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!
4	(To Monica) Yeah, she's fired.
5	Okay! (She picks up the phone, Joey's phone number, and starts to dial.) Here we go! Okay! (On phone.) Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
4	So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find
3	Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
1	The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
3	All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
1	No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a - I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
3	I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
3	No, but wait - what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say (Gets choked up) $1,500?
1	Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
3	When did I try to give you money?
1	Over there! (Points to the couch) Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No,"you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
3	I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
0	Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
0	I'm really gonna miss you.
0	Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
1	All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
4	Yeah, of course, Donald.
4	Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
4	Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here
4	You ate my sandwich?
4	(getting upset) Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
4	Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it?
4	You-you-you-you (trying to remain in control) threw my sandwich away!
3	I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
2	Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
4	I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.
3	I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
5	Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.
5	No, it wasn't. It was actually the
0	(interrupting her) Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
2	Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!
3	We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!
2	Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever.
5	Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
5	No, God! Please, let me! (Runs out.)
4	Hey. (To his parents) Happy Thanksgiving!
3	Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. (They both quickly push their sleeves over their elbows.)
5	Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
4	Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
5	Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak."Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
4	No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you
4	But it absolutely didn't. (Yelling towards the bathroom) It didn't!! It didn't!!
1	(approaching) Ross, hey, the band's ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so
4	(sarcastic) Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says - I don't care about the stupid band!!
1	You spit on me man! (Wipes his face.)
1	Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
5	(laughs) Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
5	Get the hell out of there, y'know?
4	(Bangs on the bathroom door) Emily? Emily? I'm coming in. (He opens the door to reveal that the window is gone, along with Emily.)
5	Well, look at that, same thing.
3	Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!"just ignore me.
0	Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
1	Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
1	All right - oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I'd really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
4	Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
3	(entering) Hey guys, what are you doing?
4	Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.
3	Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
3	Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
4	Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
4	Okay, see ya later.
3	See ya. (Ross exits, and Chandler moves over next to Joey, laughing.) Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.
1	Well, there's gonna be strippers there. He didn't say anything about no strippers.
4	(entering) Uh fellas, (Does the maneuver and gives them a double thumbs up, which Chandler returns as he closes the door.)
3	Okay, so he's out of here.
1	You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
2	Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
1	Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
0	I don't know, clean places?
5	Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.
0	(to Danny) We'll be right there! (To Rachel) Can't you just say it starts later?
5	What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!
2	Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle."(Laughs.)
3	Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
5	Give it here. (She takes the table.) Oh, God. (And gives it to Monica right away.)
2	Ohh, I'm getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y'know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table. (She goes over and stands in front of the TV.)
3	Or a job where you don't have to carry a table.
2	You mean like a doctor?
1	Pheebs! You're blocking the porn! Look out!
2	Ohh! (She moves.) Oh my. Oh, that reminds me, I have to see my OB-GYN today.
4	So uh, Emily just went to the airport.
0	Oh. Why didn't you take her?
4	Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y'know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so
0	You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!
4	Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn't invite her?
4	Huh? Yeah, fine, invite whoever you want.
4	I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
3	And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)
5	Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
0	Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (To Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
4	You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
4	You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
4	Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here - but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
4	Okay... okay, maybe I will...
4	See, I see.... big passion in your future.
5	Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up]
5	Guess who we ran into today?!
3	Isn't this amazing?
3	Bye. (Finally closes the door on her.) (After it's closed) I can't stand the woman! (Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.)
2	What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
3	Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality - Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
1	So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here!
3	Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight. (Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.)
3	(standing in the door of the fridge) Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! (Closes the fridge.)
1	Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around and then back at Joey.) I'm tellin' ya!
0	(not wanting to be left out, picks up something) Hey umm, what's this?
1	(examining it) Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year. (Monica drops the sandwich)
4	(pretend fishing in the living room) Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! (Swinging the rod back and forth) It's the classic struggle between man and - (swings the rod and knocks over a lamp.) Someone knocked over a lamp.
1	(going over and picking up the rod) That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?"stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
3	You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. (To Joey) Well, except you. (They hug and Chandler goes into the bathroom with the chick and duck following him.)
0	Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
1	Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
1	Gettin' drunk and going to a strip club.
5	How does going to a strip club help him better?
4	Because there are naked ladies there.
1	Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.
4	There are naked ladies there too.
3	(opening the bathroom door and kicking out the chick and duck) Would you give me one minute!! Please.
4	I'm sorry I'm late, did I miss anything?
4	Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
3	Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
4	Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
3	Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
0	Come on, no peeking! (They are leading the gang out with there hands over their eyes.)
3	Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good.
2	Okayyyyy, open up!
2	Yeah, it's for our catering business!
1	I think I know that girl.
0	All right, umm, we're not gonna really keep it this way though.
2	No, we're gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
4	Why-why can't you take a couple of days off?
5	Because, I can't! Ross, I told you, no. I can't.
4	This is my wedding.
0	All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
4	Fine. You'll-you'll watch it on video when we get back.
3	(entering, with Phoebe's book.) Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
4	All right, let's go! Bye, Pheebs!
2	Oh, do you need a hug? You don't have to bring me anything!
1	Come on! Do something!
3	I am, I'm ignoring you.
1	Okay, here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his "pop-up"map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)
3	(on phone) Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I (Joey hangs up the phone in disgust.)
3	Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I'm (Joey hangs up the phone again.)
3	(entering) Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
2	Look everyone, it's the spirit of Thanksgiving!
5	So are things with you and Joey any better?
3	They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
5	Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
2	Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
4	Who gets whom. (They all look at him.) I don't know why I do that.
0	Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just (Rachel grunts and throws her purse at it) throw your purses at it.
0	Oh my God, are you out of a job?
2	Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
1	(entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
0	Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
0	If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now. (She takes back the turkey leg)
0	What are you doing?
1	I think I left a donut up here.
2	Ooh! How was Kathy's play?
4	Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.
3	I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?"And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler."And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
1	(to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
3	All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
1	Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
0	No, those first two windows, (Points) that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
1	Dahhhhh!! (Ross has a puzzled look on his face.) No! Noooo!! (Storms off.)
5	Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again.
5	(looks around for the camera) Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
5	Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, (She puts her hands on his desk blotter and he moves it. Rachel then doesn't know where to put her hands.) who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. (Suddenly realizes that she said courage twice.) Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got (counts them off with her fingers) courage, you got integrity, you got (Pause) courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr
5	Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it.
5	Really? Oh thank you! Oh Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
2	You tired Chandler?
0	You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
3	Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
4	Now, how will they know if you're ready?
2	Oh, they're just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
3	Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
2	Okay everyone, think thick.
1	Good luck. (to Monica) And I'm still right!
0	That is sooo not true!
1	She's mad because I know today's her laundry day and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants.
3	I can check that for ya.
0	I just - I can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
1	Yeah, what's that about?
3	(to Rachel) And you Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
4	(He does so, and finds a half-eaten box of cookies.) You're good. (Tries a cookie.) These are not.
1	Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
2	You guys, why didn't you tell me you were eloping?
2	Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
2	Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. (They all hug, and Frank and Alice start kissing.) Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
2	(shocked) That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.
1	(entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! (He's wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.
3	I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
3	Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
5	But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
1	Hey that's what all my relationships are like.
2	(angered by the rubbing) Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y'know? And I got nauseous.
3	Maybe that's because soy-burgers suck!
2	Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.
1	Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
2	That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
5	Oh, here's that trench-coat that you wanted.
5	(stopping him) Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
5	Well, that's because of a lot of (She imitates someone picking their nose and placing the treasure found in the pockets.)
4	You're great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
5	(breaking the hug) Uhh, hang in there?
4	Oh, no, I didn't mean, uh
5	I mean maybe you didn't hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?
4	Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
5	Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically
4	Wow, that's-that's-that's incredible.
5	I know isn't it? It's like I'm right there with Joshua.
5	You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like . it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
4	I gotta get to work.
4	Hey, y'know, y'know what would make me really happy?
5	Oh yeah, no, what's that?
4	If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
2	Boy! I didn't see that coming!
5	Oh, come on! We know what these are worth.
0	Yeah, what, do you think we're stupid?
1	You're not stupid. You're meaner than I thought.
3	Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
5	You're bachelor pad?!
0	Have you even had a girl up here?
3	No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
3	(ignoring him) Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
1	Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
3	Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
4	(entering) Hey, guys! (They both notice his new little friend)
1	What do ya say? What do ya say?
2	Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. (They both stare at her.) But, all right, I don't - maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
1	I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
5	Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing. (She's holding two frilly, lace nighties.)
5	What am I making him by the way?
0	Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
5	I thought I was making him filet mignon?
0	Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you (Points at Rachel) bitched about it, then you (Points to herself) would stop cooking, and you (Points at Rachel) would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
5	Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.
4	So uh, Emily called last night
2	God, Susan is so fun!
4	Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was: "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
3	You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
3	Hi! Hi! You're crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
4	How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
0	We're switching rooms again.
0	This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
0	(To Chandler) Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?
0	Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
3	I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-(realizes)-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
3	(watching TV, in fact, ER is on.) Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
0	Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
3	Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
0	Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
3	Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
0	I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
3	Do not speak ill of the dead.
0	We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
3	I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
0	But you live here! (Ross rolls his eyes.) You know that.
5	What-what-what are you gonna do?
4	I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
0	Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
1	(To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya!
1	That's great. But uh, I'm not really expecting a lot of calls.
1	You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
2	I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
5	Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
2	I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
3	(entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
3	If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
0	Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
4	All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
1	Umm, well, what else could it be?
5	Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.
2	Can I tell you a little secret?
2	I want to keep one. (Giggles in excitement.)
5	Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news!
2	Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
5	Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.
2	Tell him it's for you.
0	Feeling a little better sweetie?
0	No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
3	Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
1	Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
2	I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
0	God, I feel so guilty about Ross.
1	I kinda feel like it's my fault.
3	Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
1	Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)
3	Well, I think it's very brave what you said.
2	All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places. (She puts on her fur coat.)
3	Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
2	Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I - it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! (She starts to leave but stops and says to Monica.) Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
5	What? Yeti - I mean Danny?
0	If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! (Gunther turns to listen in.) I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
5	Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda
5	Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
0	You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
5	All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
1	Say that to him and you're golden. (She just glares at him.)
0	We got out pictures back from London. (Shows her one.) Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
3	All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
2	No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
5	Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.
0	See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!
0	What took you so long?
3	I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.
5	(entering, singing) "Baddest man in the whole damn town."
2	Oh, fine! Take his side! (Storms out.)
0	(on phone) I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
3	(on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)
0	(on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big
4	(calling from Elizabeth's bathroom) Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!
1	Uhh, Chandler's not here.
4	Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom
4	No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
1	Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
4	Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder! (Grabs some of her shelf.)
1	Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
4	Yeah, okay, hold on! (He puts the phone down and proceeds to spread a large amount of powder on his legs and makes another attempt at pulling up his pants. It doesn't work, and without picking up the phone leans down to it.) (Almost in tears.) They're not coming on man.
5	Hi! Wow! You look, you look big.
1	Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
5	Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
1	Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
5	Hey! Hey, cute jacket!
5	Whoa! (Laughs) Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much. (She punches Katie back.)
5	Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend! (She retaliates.)
5	Ohh, you're so sweet! (She kicks Katie in the shin.)
0	Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
2	Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
0	What are you talking about?
2	As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
0	(indignant) I give good massages! (Ross laughs.) I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! (She starts giving Chandler a massage.)
2	(seeing the look on Chandler's face) He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
3	I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!
0	You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
4	Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.
0	But the minute we start to lie to each other (Pauses after she realizes what she's saying.) And by 'we' I mean society.
1	(reading from the script) Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
1	Yeah, sure. (He takes it off and starts reading.) Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should - I'm sorry, can I ask you something? (He stops and asks a question.)
1	Well, first it's not a purse.
1	I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag!
1	Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, (In a sexy voice) for you.
1	Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
1	Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
1	Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great
1	is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?"You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So
5	(laughing) What are you saying?
1	I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
5	Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
1	I'll treat you real nice. (Pulls out a chair for her.)
1	Won't-won't that take longer?
4	Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.
2	Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
4	Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
5	Y'know what you should do?
5	You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
4	Well, he had gravity boots.
5	Yeah, he broke those too.
1	So he likes to break stuff.
4	Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. (He opens the door and stops.) Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
2	I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
1	Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
5	Hello! (Listens) Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! (To Phoebe) It's Chandler.
2	(in a sexy voice) Oh? (Takes the phone from Rachel.) Hello you.
3	Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. (He's holding the phone so that Monica can hear it as well.)
1	He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
5	Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
2	Oh, nobody's judging you. (They all turn and look at Ross.)
4	Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say
2	You two will have very hairy children.
4	Okay, I didn't know you would say that.
1	All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
2	So are you actually gonna see her again?
1	Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
5	(entering) Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
0	My turn? What-what are you talking about?
4	ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
2	I don't know! I don't remember!
4	Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
2	Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
1	Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
3	We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
1	Don't worry, it's out there! (Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.) I think I just need lunch.
1	You wanna eat? (Pulls out the twenty) My treat!
3	Isn't that Ross's money?
1	Yeah. Okay. Ross's treat! Where do you wanna eat?
1	Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
1	Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?
1	Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?
1	Is this movie gonna be my big break?
2	Does it look like an ashtray?
2	Does it look like a urinal?
4	So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
2	Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
0	Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
2	Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. (Leaves.)
5	Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something?
5	Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys wrestle?
0	All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.
4	Uh, you weighted 200 pounds.
0	Still, I was quick as a cat.
5	Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
0	Oh, you're kidding.
5	Yeah, they were very y'know wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?
4	(in a 5 year old's tone) (To Monica) You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana?
4	Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I'm sorry.
0	And Dad, y'know that mailman that you got fired? He didn't steal your Playboys! Ross did!
4	Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn't break the porch swing, Monica did!
0	Ross hasn't worked at the museum for a year!
4	Monica and Chandler are living together!
0	Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got divorced! Again!!!!
2	(joining in) I love Jacques Cousteau!
5	(reading the recipe magazine, finally figuring out that...) I wasn't supposed to put beef in the trifle!
1	(pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo!
4	I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!
3	Oh! Oh! That's so hard. (Starts to juggle the ball, but loses control and almost drops it and hands it to Monica.)
1	Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
5	(she's wearing an oven mitt to protect her hand) I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
4	Baking it didn't help, huh?
0	So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
5	I tried! They won't take her back.
3	Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
0	Rach, why won't they take it back?
5	Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
0	Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
5	No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand! (Storms out.)
0	Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! (Quickly grabs a tissue to wipe her eyes.) Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
3	Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
2	We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
5	Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
3	Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
3	Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!
5	All right, fine! But I had too! I had to do it for my career!
3	I wish I had smoked for my career
5	No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
3	Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
0	Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding. (She's not; she stands and walks away. Chandler moves closer.)
3	I think you smell great! (He sniffs her shoulder.)
5	I am so on board! (She throws away her recently lit cigarette.)
5	Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? (Laughs) Good luck, Rach.
1	I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is (Goes and picks up the sandwich) the greatest sandwich in the world!
3	So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.
1	No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!
1	Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me, (He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler) here.
1	No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!
1	Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!
3	I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
1	Yeah. With a bite! (Takes back the sandwich.) Gee-e-e-eez!
4	Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
4	Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh! (He goes over and hugs her.)
5	Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
2	Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
5	Okay, calm down, here they are. (Gives back the sunglasses.)
0	(entering from her room) Phoebe! (Motions for the earrings. Phoebe gives her the one-minute sign.)
2	(To Rachel) What are we going to do?!
5	I don't know, I don't know.
2	All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
5	Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
2	I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
5	Ohh that'd be great!
2	Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
2	Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
0	(shocked) Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
2	I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.
0	All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
3	That's so funny, because I think I just did!
0	Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
0	Fine! Happy Anniversary!
3	What are you talking
1	Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here! (Walks away.)
4	(sarcastic) Yep! That's hilarious!
5	I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.
4	Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.
5	No, not really. I mean you've seen me naked hundreds of times.
4	Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.
5	Okay. All right, that's true! But y'know I just don't embarrass that easily.
4	What?! You totally get embarrassed!
5	No, I don't! Ross, I think I'm just a more secure person than you are.
1	Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
1	Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right
5	Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
0	An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
5	What is the matter with you?!
0	What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
5	All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
0	What's hard to believe?
5	Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
0	Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
5	(starting to lose her composure) I mean we're not, we're not gonna live together anymore?
5	What? Oh my God! I'm gonna miss you so much! (Starts to cry.)
0	I'm gonna miss you! (They hug.)
5	I mean it's the end of an era!
2	So? Did you get the annulment?
3	Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
0	Wait! Oh my God! I can't get out!
3	This is not a sign!
0	No, it's not a sign! It's a very old key!
0	Oh my God it's old!
3	Are you hugging the door right now.
3	Yeah-yeah, me neither.
5	Hey, so did everything go all right with the annulment?
4	Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
5	Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
2	No thanks, I've already seen one.
5	Okay, umm, I'm gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)
4	Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
4	I didn't get the annulment.
4	We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.)
5	Oh, little 'X's! Great! That makes up for everything!
4	Y'know, I-I - you've done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
5	Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
5	Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
4	You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right? (Sits down and Rachel keeps standing there.) What?
4	Okay, can we just sign please?
5	Okay Ross, we're - wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.
5	Well, y'know this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.
5	Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
5	And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then (Ross joins in) to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
4	So then if-if - I mean if you think about it, this is all (Pause.) your fault.
1	That guy's still doing that?!
5	(entering) Hey! (Sees Monica, gasps, and runs over to her.) Oh my God you're here, let me see your hand!!
2	No, you're too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
4	Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about
4	Okay, break-up's still on!
3	Okay, okay, here she comes! (Sits on the couch next to him.) How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
1	Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. (They both squint at each other.) I never noticed that before.
0	What are you up too?
3	Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. (Joey laughs.) Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
1	(laughs) Yeah, Big Brother.
0	Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
3	Yeah, well Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
0	Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
4	I've been back and forth.
1	Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
4	Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
4	Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
1	I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
4	Is that what I want?
1	Here she comes. Hold on, I'm gonna make your life much easier.
5	All right, well the place was closed. I'll just copy it later.
1	Or not. Uh, Rach, why don't you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
4	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
1	No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no It's okay, I mean I - look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
5	Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
3	No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. (Forced laughter)
0	Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
3	Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
0	It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
3	Do you want me to be afraid of you?
0	Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
3	Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
4	So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
4	That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
3	Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
2	Yeah, well, I kinda thought.
5	Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
1	I'm not answering that.
3	Joey! (Pause as they all stare at him.) No way. I'm not answering that.
0	(hearing that) That's it big girl! (Hits Janine in the butt with the garbage bag) Come on!
0	(chasing her) You'd better run!
1	Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?
3	Yeah, I'm sorry man. (Pause) You wanna go watch?
3	Hey so, did uh, did she move out?
0	I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.
1	Well, when it's not right, you know it.
1	Yeah! Yeah. I'll be all right.
4	Y'know what would cheer you up?
4	I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
1	(laughing hysterically) You're right! That did cheer me up!
4	Oh my God. Oh my God! And you're-you're you're not freaking out?
3	Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes
3	Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. (He holds up a little, tiny baby jumper that reads I (heart) New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
2	Well you obviously didn't see Chucky 3.
3	But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
3	You look beautiful mom. (His dad clears his throat.) You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. (He kisses his dad on the cheek) I'm so glad you're here. (He kisses his mom.)
4	I've never walked down the aisle knowing it can't end in divorce.
3	You look beautiful. Is this new? (Her dress.)
3	(in Monica's ear) He's Greek Orthodox.
0	Chandler, for so long I I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And instead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now here we are with our future before us and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
4	Oh. (He takes the notepad she was using and looks at it.) Wow! (Flips to another page.) Huh. (Flips another page.) Boy! (Flips another page.) Well, someone's been doing their homework. (Flips two more pages.)
4	Oh, I know. (Laughs) Y'know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda
4	Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben's asleep.
4	Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that. (Gets up and does a little kara-tay.)
4	Hey, how's it going?
2	Well, I've got to get out of this bed, I'm going crazy here. Crazy!
0	(handing her a cup) Here you go sweetie.
2	What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!
0	But, I put some honey in it.
4	She doesn't know she was fired yet, does she?
3	No, the doctors say it may kill her.
5	Oh! I have your key. Here you go. (Hands it to Monica.)
5	Oh God! This is silly, I'm gonna see you in a couple of hours! (They hug again.)
3	No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)
0	Can I ask you a question?
3	I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.
4	And now you want that money back.
4	Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for? (As he picks up the fake Ben.)
3	It's not a real game! I made it up!
4	I'm sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.
3	Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
3	Hmm, let's see if it comes up this time. (He looks at his cards and shrugs.)
5	(sitting down) So umm, what's this book about?
2	You didn't read this one either?!
5	Well, I was gonna, but I accidentally read something else.
2	No! You should've read it yourself!
5	Come on Phoebe! Don't be such a goodie-goodie!
2	Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
5	A cyborg?! Isn't that like a robot?!
2	Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time.
2	Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights.
5	Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
5	Yeah, well, feminism yes, but also the robots.
0	Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview. (Hands him a Polaroid.)
4	(in a stupor) Hey Chandler. (Sees Monica.) Monica!
0	Ross, are you okay?
4	So uh, where's Monica?
0	What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? (She turns around making sure he gets a good look.)
3	You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
4	Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
0	So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
5	(entering) Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
0	Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
5	Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
0	What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
5	Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
0	And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
3	Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
0	Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
3	Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
5	Hello? Oh, Pheebs! (To them) It's Phoebe!
2	Hi, so what happened?
5	Well, Ross said my name.
2	Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
5	Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then
3	(To Monica) Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
0	But my clothes are - ohh! (They both leave.)
1	Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!
3	Well, I've got a girl in here.
3	He just said, "No strippers."
1	Oh, I chose not to hear that.
0	Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! (She shows Rachel what she bought. She bought a little leather jacket and a little cowboy outfit for the babies.) Can you believe they make these for little people?
5	Little village people.
0	Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite. (It's a little pink and white dress for the girl baby.)
5	Oh, that is so sweet!
0	I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!
5	Huh. Except, Phoebe's not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.
0	Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
5	Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
0	Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
5	Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
0	Oh, she's gonna love that!
4	All right. Uhh, international.
1	Oh that's mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) I'm Italian!
4	Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
3	Not even on page 7?
4	(looks) Oh yeah! You're - hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, (reading ad) two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
3	What about that circled one?
4	Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.
1	But it's available now! Isn't it?
1	Hey, let's go look at it! (They both jump up.)
4	Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
3	Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
1	Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.
0	Hey, cheer up! You're gonna see her again, right?
4	Well I, that's the thing, I don't know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, (In a British accent.) "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let's just enjoy "
4	And why do you care so much?
0	Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!
4	You had fantasies about Emily?
4	Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
0	Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
4	We said it was only going to be two weeks, y'know?
4	What-what is love really?
4	I am a good kisser.
0	Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in (Ross looks at her.) I've been watching too much porn.
5	Is that the heartbeat?
1	It's never gonna happen.
4	Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
4	Okay. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
5	Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]
4	Yes, yes, that's right...
5	Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross] Look at it!
4	What? [the cat jumps on his shoulders] Ow!
5	All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
4	You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
5	I could not have done this without you.
4	Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? (Ross turns and bangs his head on an open dryer door.) I'm fine, I'm fine.
4	You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
4	I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
5	Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
4	The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
3	(entering in a bathrobe) I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
3	It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend - which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth! (leaves)
2	Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
1	Great! All right, so I'll call you later.
3	(rushing up) Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?
1	That would be Casey. We're going out tonight.
3	Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! (Does a little celebration dance) So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
1	No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
4	(picking up the slip of paper) Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. (Rachel ignores him) Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. (He holds it so that Rachel can see it, she continues to ignore him) It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but...(Rachel still ignores him) Whoa! (Throws it in her lap) Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. (He waves it in front of Rachel's face. Then suddenly Phoebe has to sneeze and Rachel quickly grabs the slip of paper and gives it to Phoebe for her to sneeze into.)
4	Oh, mine's December...
3	Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
0	Just go up to her and ask her out. (Chandler laughs) Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
4	Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
3	I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
0	Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
2	(in a nasally voice, from her cold) But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. (She puts her shoe on the table, and it's horribly decorated) Pretty, huh? (Sneezes)
2	Hey! New wallet, huh?
3	Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.
0	You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!
5	Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.
0	Have you ever taken out the trash? (Hands her the garbage.)
0	Third door on the left.
5	Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger.
4	No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
4	Help! Help!! Help! Help!!
4	Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? (Imitating himself) Help! Help!
4	Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something - or should I call it (In an English accent) football?
4	What's ah, what's so funny about that?
5	Um-hmm. (Joshua turns to look in the mirror and leaves Rachel staring at his ass.) There we go. There it is.
5	Oh, okay. Uhh, well let's see. (Grabs his hand.) You're about - well uh, this one is large. And this one - (Grabs the other hand.)
5	Yeah! Okay, two larges coming right up!
5	Sure. You got it. Great!
5	Me, Fledermaus, great. I really - (motions to Joshua.)
5	Ohh! Right! Right, sorry, I'll be right back!
5	Yeah! That would be great!
4	No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
3	How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they all look at him) That joke would've killed in Albany.
1	Done! I did it! Heh, who's stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.)
3	Hey, look at this! (Holding a newspaper) They're lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
2	Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
3	All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
3	Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
5	Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
1	Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
3	Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
5	Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
3	Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
5	Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don't like guys with boring jobs.
2	And also, we don't know what to do with this. (She turns on a switch and the girl's nipples light up.)
1	Oh yeah, I definitely know her.
0	(to Phoebe) Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
2	Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
0	Well, I'm gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
0	Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence dozens of people.
2	How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
2	Oh, in that case - (hops up and down in joy) - Yay! (Monica looks confused) That was me hopping on board.
3	(entering) Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
4	Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
3	Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
2	Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
4	Mike "Gandolf"Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
3	I'm gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
3	Oh, what the hell is that?
1	It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. (Points to the map.) Wait. No, we wanna go No. I know. (Sets the map down.) I'm gonna have to go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)
3	Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
1	I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.
3	Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
1	Shhh! (Pause) Man, you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)
4	Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, (Gives her the time-out signal.) honey, okay?
4	What?! No! No! That's-that's time-out!
4	Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything's gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.
4	Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
0	Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. (Ross pushes her.) So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
5	Well, I'm gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.
0	We haven't eaten yet!
5	I know, but all that work you're doing to get it ready, I just (goes into her bedroom.)
3	Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
2	I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
3	Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
2	Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
3	Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it (notices the look on Monica and Phoebe's faces.) Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it (Phoebe looks confused.) Her initials
0	Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
3	Op, y'know what though, it's kind've a girlie briefcase.
0	Who cares? He works in a museum!
3	Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
2	You don't have to do that, Ross and Joey aren't here, you can watch the parade if you want.
4	Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
1	Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
2	Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.
4	They're not a couple!
2	Oh-okay, I get the game now.
1	Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
1	Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
1	Look, you guys have been to every play I've ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
3	So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
4	Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
4	Oh no-no-no, I'm there.
1	Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
1	No-no, stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake, which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin' closer.
3	Oh yeah, it's so cool. (He opens his coat and has it pinned to the lining.) Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. (Pause, softly) That's pee-pee. (Heads for the bathroom.)
0	Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
2	Ohh, (laughs) umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
2	We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
0	The park huh? A public place.
0	I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second! (Gets up and heads for the bathroom as that annoying Gotta-win-at-all-costs-super-competitive thing kicks in again.)
3	Monica! This is the Men's room! (Pause) Isn't it?
0	Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
3	No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
3	Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
0	Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
0	I feel really sad that we're not really there anymore.
3	Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
5	How many guesses do you get?
4	Challenge extended.
4	Challenge excepted.
1	All right, we'll start with apples.
4	We'll be starting with apples.
1	Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.
5	No! There's no orange juice in there! We win!!
5	Okay, well, we won that one.
1	Okay, the last thing
3	Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! (Whispers something in Joey's ear.)
1	No-no, not for like another two weeks.
3	I got it! Scotch tape. (They're right.)
3	Well, you-you know what I meant.
0	No, you messed it up. You're stupid.
3	So what job did you get Joe?
1	Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
5	Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
1	No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
4	Uh actually Joey, it's the Cretasous period.
1	Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.
2	Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
2	And! And, they're gonna have a baby! (The gang is shocked.) And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus. (The gang is stunned into silence.)
1	You're really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
2	Ewww! And "Oh no!"It's - they just want me to be the surrogate. It's her-it's her egg and her sperm, and I'm-I'm just the oven, it's totally their bun.
0	What did you tell them?
5	Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
5	Huh. Well, uh, that's uh, that's interesting. (She goes over and retrieves her note.)
5	Oh, it's just an anti-theft device.
5	You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up. (Rips up the note.)
5	Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
3	What are you talking about?
1	Yeah, what' going on?
5	We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. (Starts handing out party hats.) Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him! (Hands Ross a party hat.)
4	Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
5	That would be great!
4	Yeah, all right, it's a date. (He leaves)
5	(to the closed door) Hang in there. You hang in there. (Gives him the raspberry.)
4	(coming back in) Did you say something?
5	No, just singing. (Does a little song.)
0	Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It's so beautiful!
2	Yeah, but y'know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced.
0	Oh, yes, umm, I'm here to pick up a dress that you have on hold.
2	You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
3	All right buddy, time to roll over. (Rolls him over, and discovers a surprise) (Looking down) No-no! (Covers his eyes) No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You're going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
0	Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does. (Looks at the wedding dress and stops.)
0	Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. (There's a knock on the door.) Uh, just a second!
0	Can you just hold on for one minute?
1	We don't make enough fun of you already?
4	Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.
3	You do know that Wham broke up?
4	I like it, and Emily likes it, and that's what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
1	Oh-no, don't try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
4	Ugh, she's saying good-bye to her uncle.
3	Man, didn't she like just get here?
4	I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
3	So what are you going to do?
4	I could ask her to live with me!
4	I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
3	Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
2	Yeah, I definitely. I don't like the name Ross.
4	What a weird way to kick me when I'm down.
2	No! No! I-I meant for the baby!
4	Oh. What's wrong with Ross?
2	Well, it's just y'know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y'know
2	So, I decided I'm definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
1	Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
1	Someone you didn't make up!
1	Yeah, that guy really hurt us.
2	Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
3	Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
3	I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
4	Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
4	Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
5	Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.
4	And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants
4	is for me not to see you anymore.
5	That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? (Pause) (Realizes) Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
4	You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
5	Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
4	What are you doing?
4	Rachel, this is your apartment.
5	Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!
1	How was your conference?
1	Oh, so your weekend was a total bust?
4	All right, did you just say all right?
4	Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love!
4	I know. I am, I am so sorry.
4	Oh that is so great! That's
1	Well, maybe a little. I wish you hadn't seen me throw up.
4	(entering) Hey! I just heard. What's up?
1	(interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option - what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
2	(To Rachel) So did you ask him?
5	No, I haven't had a chance to be alone with him yet.
2	Well, I'm kinda on a clock here.
5	Y'know who I always liked? Mork.
2	Undo it. Undo it. Undo it.
5	Yeah, but umm Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right?
0	(To Phoebe) How are you doing?
2	Okay, doctor says any minute now.
2	Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
5	Monica, this is Dan (points to him), one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday. (Mouths "He's yours."to her.) Uh Dan, Monica.
5	Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so . Y'know.
5	What? Hey! No-no-no! This not cool! You don't even know me!
5	So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!
5	Well, y'know, if-if kids like to play with Capri pants.
5	And stop saying that! I hate that!
5	Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
3	So, thanks for having me over! Rach. (Goes over, grabs her, and kisses her.) Pheebs. (After a moment while he decides how to kiss her around her belly, grabs her and kisses her.)
1	(Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!
0	Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.
5	That's not European!
2	Well, it felt French.
5	Oh God, I really had a good time!
5	Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
5	Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
5	Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.
4	She's doing her laundry.
4	It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
5	Oh, honey that's awful.
4	Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
1	Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
4	They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
1	Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
4	What difference does that make?!
1	Well, I'm just - if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
5	(entering) Joey, do you have a minute?
4	Dude, what am I gonna
1	(To Ross) Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)
5	Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!
1	Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
1	What-what is it, what is it?
2	(ignoring him and continuing her conversation) That's what I'm saying. (Laughs.)
4	Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
2	No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
4	So uh, what did you tell them about me?
2	Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
2	But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
2	Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
4	(trying a piece of cake) Ohh, this cake is really good!
2	Oh, okay, see? Things are looking up already!
1	All right look, let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
1	Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves.
1	Yeah but I didn't read anything.
1	Okay! All right, I'll see ya. (As he's walking off stage.) (Patting the bag.) We got it! We got it!
3	Hey, is Rachel here?
3	(coming all the way in) Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
0	Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me - just say, "I don't like your massages."
3	(falling into that trap) I don't like your massages.
0	(starting to cry) See? It's no big deal.
3	Okay, but now see you're crying!
0	I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.
0	(bursting into tears) My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.
3	It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.
5	(entering) Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.
4	Oh great! What, you brought Joey?
5	Well, I brought the next best thing.
4	Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!
3	Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so
4	Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. (Showing them) Okay Rach, (points to the sketch) that's you. That's the couch. (Points again.)
5	Whoa-oh, what's-what's that? (Points.)
5	Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.
4	No! That's-that's my arm!
3	(looking at the sketch) Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
4	Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead.
4	Come on, Chandler.
4	All right. (They start up the stairs. Ross is first.) Okay, here we go!
3	Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
5	Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.
3	Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
3	Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
2	I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
5	I can not believe he would do that to Mon - Whoa! (She stops suddenly and slowly turns to point at Joey. Joey is avoiding her eyes.) Joey, do they know that we know?
1	They know you know.
5	Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
2	God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!
1	I couldn't even if I wanted too.
4	Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but - I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and (He claps his hands.) I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
0	(in the kitchen with Chandler) Look at them, they're-they're panicked!
3	Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!
2	All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
5	Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
0	Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
5	Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
0	Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big (Thinks) ot.
5	All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
0	Me and Chandler?! (Does her fake laugh.)
1	All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
1	All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)
2	Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!
1	Judge rules, no violation.
4	Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
4	Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. (Joey has lost interest and is watching the race again.) It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
1	Dude you said, "No!"
3	I also said, "Yes!"
1	You don't think this is going to be a big break for me?
1	I don't believe this!
3	Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
1	What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!
3	They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
1	Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
3	Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
1	Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
3	Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
1	Not if you're gonna be like this!
3	All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
1	Yeah! I don't want you on the trip!
3	All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
0	(laughing with Ross) We don't, we don't wrestle now.
4	Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.
0	You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
0	Ready? (They grab a hold of each other's necks.) Wrestle! (They start wrestling.)
5	Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks. (She leaves them to wrestle.)
3	(entering from his bedroom) Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
1	(To Chandler) I didn't finish my five pages.
3	Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
4	Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.
1	Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
3	(To Ross) Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
4	I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
1	Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
3	The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
3	(In a parent-like tone) I'll talk to them!
5	You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn't feel bad!
0	Well actually, I-I didn't eat mine. It's still in the bathroom.
1	No it isn't, I ate that.
1	Nope, got it and I got yours (Pointing to Jack) too.
2	I know, I'm so excited!
2	Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
0	So you're moving in with him. What happened?
0	Why, do you write him a lot?
2	No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
2	Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.
2	No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool. (Turns away from him.)
2	(sits down) Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
2	Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. (Pause) Can I get some water?
5	Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!
5	Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
5	Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it! (She grabs their cigarettes and lighters and throws them in the trash.)
1	Oh yeah, no problem.
4	(angrily) Ben! (Pause.) (Happily.) I mean, Ben! Ben!
4	The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
5	What?! What? What happened?!
4	Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?
4	And somebody took a shot at me!
4	No, a car backfired, but (Rachel suddenly calms down) I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
5	Because a car backfired?
4	(stares at her briefly) Okay, why are you here?
5	Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing"thing but um, Emily called you today.
5	No, she left a message. (He starts for the machine.) (Stopping him.) But it-it kinda got erased. There's just (Pause) something wrong with your machine.
4	Well, okay, what-what did she say?
5	Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
5	Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
4	Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
5	Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because - I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me - not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. (She starts for the door.) (Stops) Your decision.
4	Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
4	Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
0	Look at you! Come here! (They hug.) Feel better?
2	Yeah! You're the best!
4	(running to the door) Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! (to everyone) Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
3	Okay, hold on. (Pauses as he readies himself.) Okay. (Walks away.)
5	Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to (Ross interrupts and shushes her.)
4	You'll see. Okay. (Readies himself.) Oh, what's-what's her name?
4	(He opens the door while faking a laugh.) Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this. (Monica turns her head in shame.)
4	Okay, (gets the money) so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?
3	(To Monica) If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
4	(to Caitlin) Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?
1	All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
1	Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
3	Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick! (Mimics it.)
1	Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!
0	I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
0	This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
2	So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
0	Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you! (Gets up to find Chandler.)
2	Sure! (When Monica gets close to the door.) (Yelling) Yeah! Las Vegas, number one!
2	I knew it! Because you love Rachel.
4	It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I
2	Yeah, complicated 'cause of the love.
4	I I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
2	I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
4	I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?! (He goes into her apartment.)
4	Ohh, what's wrong?!
5	Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.
4	Oh my - Come here! Come here! (He hugs her.) It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay.
1	So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?
2	Oh we do, but not just yet.
1	Really?! Well, when?
2	Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
2	I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
2	But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
1	What are you doing?
3	The key's stuck in the lock.
1	I can fix it. Hold on. (He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment) Look out. Look out. (Pries at the door a little bit.)
3	(trying the handle) It still doesn't work.
3	Nice job Joe! You're quite the craftsmen.
5	Yeah, don't push it though.
4	I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
4	Did I, did I even treat?
5	No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
4	That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
5	Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
5	I'm gonna need a copy of those.
1	Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!
1	Hey! How you doin'?
1	I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.)
0	Okay well that's good to know.
1	(all excited) The Mr. Bowmont's here!!! (Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)
0	Sure, I love this part! (Starts to look busy.)
0	Ohh Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
0	Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
0	What uh - What did you - What?!
0	Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
0	Oh God (Starts looking around.) Why don't they put chairs back here?!
1	Thursday's clearly not good for ya, pick a day!
1	Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
1	Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
1	Very good! Okay. G.
1	Excellent! Okay umm, doggy.
1	Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but - bye-bye! (He ushers her out the door.)
3	(To Ross) No, that's okay. (Ross nods and retreats.) Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way, it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure? (He leans in and kisses her.)
1	You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in me by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
1	Aw crap! Okay - uh uh let's-let's do the rings.
1	We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I pronounce you husband and wife. (To Chandler) Now kiss her again.
3	(To Monica) I love you. And I know about the baby.
3	Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash.
0	I didn't take a pregnancy test.
2	Oh and they're gonna have a baby.
2	What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
4	Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
2	Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here! (Points at Ross.)
3	Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
2	I know! But if I didn't work there, what else would I do?
0	Well, you used to like playing the guitar.
2	Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!
3	Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
2	Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change - ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
5	Ohh, I mean it's just so realistic!
1	I know. (Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You'll have to see it to know what I mean.) Yeah, his name is Pat.
5	Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!! (Laughs and finishes her drink.)
1	(climbing down from his chair) Do you uh, do you - ready for a refill?
5	Oh, I probably shouldn't - so I will! (Joey starts making her refill and Rachel notices that rain thing Joey has.) Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
1	Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
4	I'm fine! I saw a psychiatrist at work today.
4	On account of my rage.
3	Which I may say, right now, is out of control.
4	He gave me a pill for it.
4	Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
0	Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
3	And you're okay with that?
4	I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
5	(entering, angrily) Ugh, that was so embarrassing! I can't believe you let me go on and on like that!
2	Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
5	Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
2	Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
5	Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
0	(yelling and waving her hand in the air) I know! I know! I know!
0	Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
5	Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
5	Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! (She grabs it and starts rubbing it on her cheek.) Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
5	Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. (To Chandler) Hey, what's up? (She leaves and closes the door behind her.)
3	Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
0	Umm, I'd love too! (She goes over and picks up the box and decides to follow Rachel's advice and holds the box up to her cheek.) Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
0	Boy, I love carrots! Oh! (She picks up a bunch of them and holds them between her fingers.) Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. (She is rubbing her hip with the carrots.) Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife (She picks up a knife without putting the box down. She's holding the box between her cheek and shoulder) and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, (Pause) my body. (She doesn't have any exposed skin within reach of the knife, so while holding the carrots in one hand and the box between her face and shoulder, she rubs the knife on her stomach.)
0	Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that - (She drops the box and in a reflex action tries to catch it with her arm, the knife slips out and slowly flips through the air and comes point first down into Chandler's shoe.)
0	Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice! (She takes a bag of ice out of her purse and hands it to the doctor.)
5	You brought a carrot?!
0	God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!
3	Without my toe?! I need my toe!
3	That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
1	No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
3	Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
1	Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
3	Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
0	You really think this is okay?
3	Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
0	Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
3	Nope, not under here!
0	You didn't find her?
4	No, I've looked everywhere!
3	Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
2	What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
4	Hey listen man, about the stripper
3	(banging a spoon against his beer bottle) Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
1	Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don't-don't forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)
4	Hey-hey, what are those?
1	Oh, little party favours, check it out! (It's a shirt that reads, "Ross Geller, Bachelor Bash 1998")
3	(banging on the bottle again) Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, (to the stripper) so is the position of the bride.
4	Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. (Chandler checks and runs into the bathroom.) Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. (They museum geeks wave at him.) Thanks Joey.
1	Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
1	Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
4	I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.
1	But hey, Ross, this place is available now!
3	Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
4	(To Joey) So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?
3	It's a kitchen slash bathroom.
4	All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
1	He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
2	Ooh, I love that place! (Thinks about it.) So, no.
2	Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That - this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. (She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.) Okay, let's go!
5	Oh wow! This is so cool.
2	Why don't take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I'll hold onto your card, okay?
2	Three? You guys were worried I wouldn't even have one!
5	Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!
2	Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
2	Oh well, okay, hey, y'know how when you're umm, you're walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that's nice?"
2	Okay, yeah well, good news, you're going to have three babies.
2	Oh God, I'm so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.
5	Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
5	'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
5	Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
4	No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
4	Is this about Mark?
4	Okay, it's not, it's not.
5	Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
4	Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
5	I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
4	Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, (goes to the door) let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something.. (opens the door)
5	No. (Ross is standing in the doorway.) A break from us.
4	Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? (He's frantically throwing the cushions off of the couch looking for her other shoe) Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
1	Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)
3	Wait! You're going out with Kathy!
1	Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
3	Well, I'm upset - for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. (He can't believe he just sad that.)
1	What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
3	Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
1	You got all that from the back of her head?
3	All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
2	Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about 'bah-bah-bha-bhan?'
4	Well umm, y'know, I used to play.
2	Oh yeah, that's right, the keyboards, huh?
4	Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
3	All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
0	Just be yourself. But, not too much.
3	(gets up) (softly) Wish me luck.
3	Wish it! (To the woman, Kathy, he likes) Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
3	Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
3	Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
3	Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. (Joey kisses Kathy.)
1	Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
3	Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
1	Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
3	Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
1	How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
3	You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
1	Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
3	All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it.
1	All right. But, you're gonna have to tell them. (He opens the cabinet to reveal the chick and the duck living inside with Christmas lights and a disco ball as decorations.)
3	(nods his head) Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? (to Joey) They seem all right with it!
5	Ummm. Oh! I'm sorry. (She grabs the box and offers him a piece.) It's a little old but
5	I'm sorry. I didn't - I don't come in here a lot.
5	I didn't I never said that.
5	(starting to cry) Okay, I'm sorry. (Runs out still carrying the pizza box.)
0	God! If you're gonna cry about it! (She grabs the box and goes to through it out.]
1	Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?
5	Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.
1	I'm gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
0	Joey, please don't do that. I think it's best that we just forget about it.
5	That's easy for you to say, you weren't almost just killed.
1	All right that's it, school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
0	(Picking up a card from Chandler's wallet.) My God! Is this a gym card?
1	(lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don't really know what happened with that.
1	(voice-over) Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn't go out with a guy like Chandler...
3	(to Monica) (in a funny voice) Hi there. (Monica turns her head away in disgust)
1	(voice-over) ...and he couldn't let it go, and... I don't really know what happened with that either.
1	(voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross's new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don't know what happened there either...
1	Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)
5	Oh, you're welcome a million.
3	(laughs) Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship
3	Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.
3	I hear ya. (Pause) But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
3	No! No! Not, Paris.
3	Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? (Thinks) Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!
5	(shocked) Well, I-I guess - I
5	Yeah, great, you betcha!
3	Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
4	Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
4	Catch any big fish? (Phoebe, Ross, and Monica all go over to him.)
1	Oh my God, you guys have no idea.
1	Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how's he doing?
4	He hasn't gotten out of that chair in two days.
1	(goes over to Chandler) Hey buddy! How's it going?
1	(To the rest of the gang) Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. (Starts to go his bedroom) Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
3	Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?
0	Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
0	I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this (puts on her chef hat) on my chef's hat. (The hat says 'Quit, bitch')
2	Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
5	Hey, honey! What's the matter? (Monica shows her, her hat.) Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
0	I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me. (Joey laughs and Monica glares at him.)
0	I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
5	Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
0	I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
3	Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
1	Hey, Mon! I'm not doing anything, why don't you fire me?
0	That's a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
4	I'm gonna call after you!
3	This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
0	All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
1	Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
4	Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
1	Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
1	No, I had sex in high school.
5	Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There's an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss
5	Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and
5	(interrupting) And that's I'm so glad there's no problem.
4	Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
4	It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
4	Uh-huh, I see that.
0	(entering) Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
0	They torn it down a few days early.
1	All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
3	I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
3	To Put the Camera Away!!!
5	Oh, honey! Don't get up! What do you need?
2	Oh, no. Oh, nothing.
0	What is wrong with this freezer?! (She jabs her arm into the freezer and a piece of ice flies into her eye.) Ow! Ow!!
2	God, what happened?!
0	Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
5	(standing in her doorway) People are trying to sleep in here!
3	Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
2	Open it up, let me see.
0	Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
3	Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
2	Ooh, God it looks bad.
5	Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
0	No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can't go to him when I don't have a boyfriend!
3	He's really picky about his patients.
2	Honey, you've got to go. What's his office number?
0	Like I remember his office number! (Pause) Speed dial 7.
1	Listen also we're uh, we're watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
0	Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
1	Oh yeah, who's playing?
4	Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
0	(laughs) Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.
1	All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
5	(on the phone) Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! (Pause) I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. (Hangs up as her boss, Mr. Waltham, walks in.) Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
5	Hi, I'm Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?
5	Well, at least that's a great suit.
5	No-no, that wasn't me! (To Joshua) Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. (Joshua turns at that) The selection of underwear we carry.
3	Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
0	Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
3	Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
3	Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. (Kisses her.)
0	That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
3	Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
3	Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
0	Okay, I freaked out a little.
5	(laughs) I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
0	Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
3	(entering) You guys ready fore the movies?
5	Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
4	(from his apartment) Man! They cannot get enough! (Makes like he's a robot and waves at the cutouts.)
4	How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
3	Well, we used there's up last night making scary faces.
3	All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
0	That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
5	Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
0	Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
1	No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
4	Oh sure, "Ross will do it!"It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
5	Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
4	No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
2	Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.
2	Embryossss? As in, "More than one?"
2	Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
5	Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
0	Yeah, like you're gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
4	Pheebs, you're talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it's all for somebody else!
2	Yeah, what's your point?
4	Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
5	Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a keeper.
2	Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
1	No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we'll be supportive like crazy.
0	We just want you to think it through.
5	Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who's had a baby. Like your mom?
2	My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
3	Oh, yeah, sure, it's not mine anyway. It can with the pants.
5	You guys are really right there aren't you?
5	Well, it was all Ross's idea.
4	You really didn't know?
3	Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? (Points to the living room.)
5	Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
1	What-what-what is so funny?
3	I said, "Like what?"
1	Now that's a thinker.
5	Okay, y'know what, y'know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. (Chandler does so.) Okay. Okay. (She does a little sexy walk over to where Joshua is standing.) Hi!
5	No? Y'know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.
2	No, you have to let me in right now!!
1	This sucks! I didn't know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I'm so tired!
3	Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
1	Yeah, Rach, I think you're handling that really well.
5	Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
5	Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
3	Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
3	Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this (Starts to dancing really, really, really badly. Ross enters behind him and he stops.)
4	So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
4	Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month!
5	You mean, you mean 30 days?
5	Well, that's great.
4	Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
3	And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! (Realizes that made no sense.) Joey, you say things now.
1	All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
4	I don't want to do that.
1	No! You don't want to wreck it, you don't want to go to fast!
4	Yeah, no, you're right, I know, you're right, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys. (Gets up to leave.)
3	Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
2	That's too hard. Too hard!
0	(entering with Rachel) All right boys, last chance for the tickets!
5	Or I'll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.
1	Wait-wait-wait-wait! (To Chandler) Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
3	Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
3	I didn't mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.
3	Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
1	I'm sorry man, I didn't - I'm-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (Goes over and comforts him.)
1	So I guess it's Joey then!
5	Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me. (They kiss.) Ahh. So, dig in!
5	Oh I know, my God, this is so - this rice is so - I am so good.
5	(sees the chick and the duck) Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
5	Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
1	(answering the door.) Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.)
5	All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
3	Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.
1	Hey, you're back too!
0	Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?
1	Hey, how was your chef thing?
0	Oh, it was awful. (To Chandler) I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
3	Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
0	Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
3	Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
1	(sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?
0	Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
4	You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
4	So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.
4	No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.
0	What?! You can't - what did you tell her?
3	Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
0	Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
2	Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
4	Thanks for the help, problem solved. (Wipes his hands.)
0	Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
1	See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
0	(Looking at the TV) You're not on TV.
1	Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)
3	Hey, there he is! There he is!
3	So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
3	Sure. (Pause) And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. (Retreats in defeat.)
0	So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
3	(to another female nurse) Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night?
3	All right. Very good.
2	Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!!
1	Ohh, get these things out of me!
4	Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain.
1	I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth, taking Ross with him.)
2	Are you still mad at us?
2	Oh good! Because we have an "I'm sorry"song.
4	Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.
1	Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
3	Yeah, we are so sorry.
2	(To Chandler) You're kinda stepping on the song. (She gets ready to play but is stopped by )
0	Whatever you decide, whatever you do.
4	Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.
2	Yes! Exactly! And that's why
0	Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
4	Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
5	But, it's not raining.
4	I can't catch a break!
5	Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? (She goes out to talk to Dave) Hey, Dave!
5	Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! (She goes back in to talk to Ross.) Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
0	(Poking her head in) Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
0	I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
5	Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
5	Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
0	I make the decisions, and I say no.
5	Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.
0	Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
1	(Poking his head out.) Havin' some trouble?
0	Rachel locked the door.
5	Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
1	Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
5	Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!
1	I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
5	What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
1	And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!
5	I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone (Joey in a childish attempt to not hear what Rachel is about to say, puts his fingers in his ears and starts to scream loudly. Rachel turns and walks out upon seeing that Joey's not gonna listen, and as she exits Chandler walks in and sees Joey in his current state.)
1	I'm not listening to you!
4	All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.
2	No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
1	Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. (After a short pause she hands him her guitar.) You really think I'm ready?
1	(sitting back down) Was the chord at least right
0	We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
2	Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
4	Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
3	Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
3	I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
3	Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. (He slowly and awkwardly gets down on one knee.)
0	Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
0	No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!
5	Ohhhh, I cannot look at it! (She doesn't move.)
0	Chandler, why are you doing this?
3	I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
3	I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
0	Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
0	Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
3	Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
0	Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
3	Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
0	So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?
2	Umm, thank you for meeting with me.
2	Come, sit. (He's hesitant.) Sit. (Still hesitating.) Sit! (He sits on the arm of the couch.) Umm, all righty, before we get started I just - I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
2	Oh yes. Yes. Yeah - no. She did. She left you umm, (looking in her purse) this lipstick.
2	Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. (She picks up a couple of crumpled receipts.) Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
2	Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
2	But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
4	Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! (They start up the stairs again. Chandler is between the couch and the wall now.) Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
3	Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
4	Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore.
4	All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again.
3	Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
4	I can't believe that didn't work!
3	Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
5	Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends?
1	Yeah, yeah, I met this woman. (Starts for his room.)
3	(stopping him) Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like?
1	Uhh, well, she's really good in bed.
0	Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!
5	All right. Be sexy.
2	So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.
2	Oh absolutely. Shall we say, around seven?
2	Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse.
1	(looking out the window) Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!
2	Okay, Rachel, get me perfume!
2	And Joey, get me a bottle of wine and glasses? (He begrudgingly does so.)
0	All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
3	Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
0	Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!
0	Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
0	Just go get some! (Kisses him.) Go! (She runs to hide in the bathroom.)
5	(handing her the wine) Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!
2	You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We
1	And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
2	(turning from Ross.) No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
1	Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
0	Oh, none for me. Thanks.
3	Just a little bit of sugar.
0	(To Chandler) How does that laugh not give you a headache?
3	Oh, you get used to it.
0	Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
3	So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
0	I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
3	Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.
3	You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.
3	All right!! (Gets out and Joey speeds away.) Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.
4	Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?
4	Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
2	No that made me feel precious.
0	Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
4	Yeah? Sometimes it's (Does the fist thing.)
5	Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
0	Chandler! What are you doing here?
3	Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
4	I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
1	Come on look guys, don't fight.
3	Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
4	If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
1	Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
4	How about we settle this right now! (He rips up the tickets.) There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
3	I paid for those tickets!
4	No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
1	Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
3	When did that happen to you?!
1	Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture - I didn't have my camera!
3	Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
2	Umm, yeah! Today's.
2	(looks at the paper) Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
2	Living with you would make me happy.
2	No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
2	Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in! (Hugs him.)
2	Oh wait, one sec. One sec. (Goes to the mirror) Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, (sees the look on his face) which was never!
5	Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat! (A woman approaches.)
5	It's not a baby! It's a cat!
5	Oh no! No! It's actually - it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look! (Goes to pet it and it hisses at her.) Yeah, do you want it?
5	Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
1	Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
1	Oh, what did I say?
1	How's that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah!
1	Hmm, soup. (Pause.) I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!
1	No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
5	Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!
5	Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
5	Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
2	(To Chandler) Check it out! Cup hat! (Points to her hat.) Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! (Holds up one.)
4	You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
5	Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
4	That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
5	Well, there you go!
4	Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.
4	Hey, thanks Rach. (They hug.)
5	Ohh, honey no problem. Okay. (Gets up.)
4	Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.
4	(on machine) "Hey Ross, it's you!"(Hits the stop button) Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
4	(looking at the coffee table where his money was) Hey umm, was-was Monica here?
4	Yeah, I want my money back.
5	(going out the door) Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right?
4	Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
2	Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
4	The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
4	A lot of other gas smells
4	Meth-methane smells
4	Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!
4	(To All) Was I talking to her about gas?
3	More so than anything else.
2	I-I-I found it interesting.
4	Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there. (Goes and sits on the couch dejectedly.)
5	Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes. (She grabs a couple of the old pizza boxes and exits.)
2	What else do they add smell too?
0	Anybody lose this? (Holds up the chip and the woman next to her shakes her head no.)
5	Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right?
5	Ross! What are you I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
4	(to the guy in the window seat next to him) Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student? (He points at Rachel.)
5	Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
1	(to the dealer) Can I change a hundred? (He hands him his chip.)
1	Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money, but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealer's hand.)
1	My identical hand twin!
3	What's an identical hand twin?
1	What's it sound like? It's a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler, the dealer's hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
3	Are you sure you weren't (pause) looking at your hands in a mirror?
1	Don't you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
1	Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
1	Oh-oh, what about Ross?
2	I don't want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
0	What the Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
0	What were you doing in Africa?
0	Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
0	Why? Because of the government.
5	Isn't it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin' married.
5	Ohh I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?
5	No! I'm so happy for them!
2	Me too! So happy for them!
5	I'm so happy and not at all jealous.
5	Umm, can I use your bathroom?
1	It's uh, right through there. (Points.)
5	Okay. (Starts to go.) God y'know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani's apartment
1	Yeah, life's pretty great isn't it?
0	I hope you're hungry, we're starting with oysters. And y'know what they say about oysters, don't you?
0	No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac.
0	People! People say it! Come here! (She grabs him and kisses him.)
0	And then we're gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands.
0	No-no-no, no! It's sensual!
0	I can't promise anything. (She starts to dig in.)
4	We're really gonna do this, huh?
4	Y'know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at (A knock on the door interrupts him.)
5	(sees the picture) Oh my God! That's Monica!!
1	Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!
5	You get away from me!! You sick, sick, sick, sick-o!!
5	Joey has got a secret peephole!
3	(Sees the picture) Oh no! No! No! No! (Monica gasps as well.)
5	Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
4	(covering his eyes) Dude! That's my sister! (She shows the rest of the gang.)
2	All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
3	All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this.
3	Joey's a sex addict.
1	What?!! (He turns around and stares at Chandler who's silently pleading with Joey to go along with it.) No I'm not!!
0	It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
0	Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!
3	That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
0	I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole toe!
3	Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. (He storms out.)
4	(To Joey) Sir Limps-A-Lot, I came up with that.
3	I can't believe this.
0	Chandler, I said I was sorry.
0	Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
3	Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. (He goes into his apartment.)
3	Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!"I'm happy all the time!
0	Wait, wait, wait! (She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)
3	This is not going to work.
0	I bet this will work! (She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)
3	You are so great! I love you!
0	Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
3	Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
3	Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. (Monica smiles at that.)
4	No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. (He sits down on the bed.) Right here.
0	Well, it's getting late.
3	Yeah, we're gonna go.
4	Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
0	Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
3	Yeah, it's a very large plane.
3	But, we'll stay here with you.
4	Thanks guys! (They both sit down on either side of him.) I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
3	We have to leave for New York in an hour.
0	I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
3	We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
4	Em-Emily? (Looking around for her.) Em-Emily? (He runs to the door.) Emily! (He opens the door to reveal the Walthams standing outside.)
1	Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.)
1	Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday
1	Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around.
1	Yeah. I'll let you play with my duck.
1	Hey, (realises he doesn't know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open, so he picks it up, sees it's empty and starts to panic.)
1	(running and banging on Chandler's door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
3	Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this - Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
1	Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
3	You slept with the stripper?
2	I-I wanted to apologise if I - y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
2	Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet. (She goes to hug them and they both flinch, thinking that Phoebe is about to attack them.)
0	Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
2	Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
2	Thank you. (To Gunther, who's standing there frozen) Okay, go! Go! Go! (He runs off.) (To Larry) Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
1	Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!
3	Yes that was a nice place!
3	Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
3	What are we gonna do?
1	I don't know. Maybe pizza?
1	Hello! (Listens.) Oh yeah! (To Chandler) It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. (To the apartment manager.) Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
5	Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
0	Just go over and say hi.
5	No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
0	(turns his back to the stairs) Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. (As she's saying this Rachel tries to head downstairs but is blocked by people coming upstairs. She quickly retreats back up the stairs.) (Sees that she has to keep him distracted longer.) So umm, what's this? (Points to his plate.)
2	No, no maybe 'cause it's harder to raise them, and the added expense, and
2	No, back to happy. Back to happy!
2	No you can't quit college! No! You're in college? Really?
2	You can't give up on your dream.
4	I just, I had to see you one more time before you took-off.
4	Oh, thank you. (She goes to kiss him, but he holds her coat up between their faces to stop her.) Hey, hey. (opens the door, sees Rachel, and hides Chloe behind the door) Rachel!!!!
5	Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
4	Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
5	So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
4	Yes, you can, very much.
4	(seeing the thumbs up) Ahhhh!! (Hugs Rachel tighter.)
5	(opening the door) Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
5	Just get out! Now!!
4	No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
5	Okay! All right! How was she?
5	Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
3	She was not good. Not good.
1	She was nothing compared to you.
1	Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.
4	Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.
3	Was it like a sneeze only better?
4	No, no, I mean, I mean a thing on my body.
4	Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out. (starts to take off his pants)
4	Come on you guys, it's no big deal! (He turns around and shows him his thing.)
3	Whoa-heeeiiiiii-iiiii-ah!! (sees it) Huh.
4	Well what is it? Is it a mole? (He moves closer to them, and they jump back.)
3	(to Bonnie) So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!
3	Tell it again. (pause, we see Rachel is not amused.) Seriously.
5	(to Monica) I mean is that woman capable of talking about anything else but sex?
5	Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
2	Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
2	Oh, yeah, that's the word I use when I can't remember the real thing.
5	Okay. Hang up! That's it! Come on!
2	No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
1	Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
0	I need two. I'm bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
1	Two it is. Ross, how about you?
0	Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
0	He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
2	I wanna hear "The Sound."
4	Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
2	Come on, play that funky music white boy.
4	No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in - No, yeah, okay. (Runs out.)
3	All right! Bring it on, you
4	Here we go. (Plays one note) Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. (Plays another note) Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm
0	(At a loss for words) Boy, that was-that was, umm terrific.
2	Wow, it was so - wow!
4	Really?! I mean, really?!!
5	Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
4	Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh - ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? (Runs to fetch them) This is so nice, I'm - I am so (starts to break up and leaves)
0	Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
5	So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
0	Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
2	Oh my God, they took my idea!
2	Yeah! Okay, here you go. (rolls her back to Rachel)
2	Oh my God, are you guys okay?
1	Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
3	Wait a minute, wait. You're telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn't want you back?!
1	Yeah! Oh my God! (to Chandler) Is this what it's like to be you?
0	Wow, you're really crazy about her, huh?
1	Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we're on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it's like somebody's ripping out my heart!
4	Monica, uh Dad called this morning and ah, Aunt Silvia passed away.
0	Yes!! Yes! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
4	We were all pretty shaken up about it.
2	Wait, am I missing something though? 'Cause I thought death was something that's supposed to be sad, in a way.
3	Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
3	Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
3	Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
3	So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
3	That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
3	Oh! It's on! It's on!
0	Chip, is Chip Matthews.
4	The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
0	'Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
4	Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
4	(to Rachel) I was just leaving.
5	Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
4	Why? Did you write it?
5	(sees Chip's phone number) Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
4	Well ah, actually...
5	(interrupting) I bet he sensed that I was ready to have sex with another guy.
4	Well, umm, why don't you give him a call?
5	Okay. (picks up phone) Are you sure you wanna hear this?
5	(on phone) Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. (listens) Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. (listens) Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. (listens) Monica Geller. (listens) Ohh.
3	Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
4	So why don't you quit?
3	Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym treat.
4	You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
4	So you're strong enough to face her on your own?
3	Oh no, you'll have to come.
1	Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
1	Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
1	Why don't you tell me something I don't know! (He storms out, and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an 'Oops!' have.)
2	Oh please, somebody tell me I don't have to go to work today!
2	Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
4	(stopping suddenly and getting up) Okay, I gotta go.
4	Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.
4	Well, yeah. I can't-I can't stay here all night, and if I go in there she's-she's gonna wanna... do stuff.
5	Well, can't you tell her that you are not in the mood?
4	No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn't work either, I can't tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
4	Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
4	Yeah, yeah. (opens the door) It wasn't every morning.
5	Oh, making it worse!
2	I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
2	I don't even know how that would work!
3	I don't know exactly.
3	But I do know that it's some time tomorrow.
1	(to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did.
0	Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. (She flips on the switch and a hum starts.) I hear something! I hear something! Where is it? (They all start looking until Rachel realises it's Joey.)
5	It's coming from Joey!
2	Oh my God, that's so freaky! Turn him off!!
2	Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
3	Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack.
1	Hey-hey, what's going on?
3	Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow.
1	Thanks for telling me!
0	Uh-oh, what's the matter?
5	Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So What are you gonna do?
0	I don't know sweetie.
0	I can't! I have to work!
2	I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.
2	Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
5	Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is - I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife"Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
0	No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
0	I think she's here.
5	No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
4	You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
0	(looking out the peephole) Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? (Goes back to the door.) Hello!
1	Good enough to get fired.
0	All right, you're hired!
3	I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him) Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm I mean No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
3	See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
3	Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
3	(to Drew) Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
3	Oh man! I am so excited - I may vomit!
1	Will you calm down, he's just a human guy.
3	Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
3	Oh yeah, it's beautiful country up there.
4	(entering) Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
1	All right, I'll see you guys.
3	Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
1	I have an audition, but I'll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
4	Somewhere maybe along the equator?
3	(answering it) Hello. (listens) (to Ross) It's Gandolf!!! (on phone) So, are you in town? (listens) (disappointed) Oh, well, well maybe next time then. (Hangs up)
3	He's not gonna make it, he's stuck in Chicago.
4	Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!
5	Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
2	Okay, I have a wedgie.
5	Okay, that is all you.
2	So-so, what do you want for lunch?
2	Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
5	I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
2	Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married
5	(interrupting) Still in love with?!
5	I'm not in love with Ross!
2	Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
2	We thought you knew!
2	Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
5	You all know? Does Ross know?
2	Oh no, Ross doesn't know anything.
2	(on phone) Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. (Listens) (to Monica) He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
2	Yes! She's very excited about that.
2	This is so cool, 'til Monica gets back, it's like I'm head chef and I get to make all the decisions. (She looks at the remaining butter, and then decides to add it to the dish.)
4	Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
2	Okay, get out of my kitchen!
3	(entering) All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! (Ross is pleased.) I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
2	All right I I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
4	So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
3	Oh y'know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
4	Really?! Wow! That's-that's so nice, what are you gonna get me?
3	I don't know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
4	Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
3	Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
4	Oh, that's not true! I've got her lots of stuff she never took back.
4	Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
5	Oh-oh, sorry, it's this way, it's this way. (Motions to the correct way.)
3	I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
4	All right, let's not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
3	Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
4	Here she comes. Don't say a word, okay? Just be cool, don't be y'know you.
3	Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
3	Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
2	Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?
2	That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
2	Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
2	Wow! You guys really don't know anything!
0	In the beginning where y'know it's all sex and talking and sex and talking and
3	Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
3	All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
5	Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
4	That is really nice lying! No way is that the reason!
5	Why? Just because you're not mature enough to understand something like that?!
3	No, he's right, I'm totally lying.
3	Well, Kathy's last boyfriend was Joey.
4	And you're afraid you won't be able to fill his shoes.
3	No, I'm afraid I won't be able to make love as well as him.
4	Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
3	Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
0	So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
3	We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
4	(interrupting Monica and Emily) So we should probably get going soon.
4	No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!"And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised - good-bye!"
4	Monica said that did she? (He squeezes Monica's knee really hardly and Monica winces in pain.)
2	Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
2	Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
2	Oooh, yeah. You're a genius.
5	Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?
5	Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
0	And lucky means, more cleavage?
5	Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
4	Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it's going to be torn down, so I mean, I-I know it's crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don't know, this just feels right. Y'know?
1	(still looking in date book) Hey! That's the day after I stop menstruating! (They all look at him.) This isn't mine.
5	Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. (Hugs him) See you.
5	I'm more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?
5	'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
5	Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I - that I think we need - we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
5	Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?"Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
3	And the Knicks rule all.
1	Yeah, the Knicks rule all!
2	Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
3	No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
5	All right, okay, look, what if you could keep the apartment and get the tickets?
5	I'm talking about a bet, winner takes all.
1	Ooh, we could end up with nothing.
2	Or you could end up with everything.
0	All right, so what do you say?
3	Op, op, I'm convinced!
1	Come on man, you know I'd do it for you! Because, you're my best friend.
3	All right, but you can't use that again for a whole year. I'm in.
2	Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
5	Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she's the only who's impartial, and she's so pretty.
2	Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh - oh, I have a game!
5	Okay. So, can I serve you a little of - What? What? What? (She sees that Joshua isn't relaxed.)
5	But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
5	Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
4	Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No."I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No."I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No."So, he's sweeping. (We see Ben playing with a broom and a dustpan.)
4	So umm, any word from Susan?
4	Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don't know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
4	Y'know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.
1	You want my advice?
1	You're not gonna like it.
1	You got married to fast.
4	I'm going to the bathroom. (Gets up and exits.)
1	Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it.
0	Maybe I could do it.
1	I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)
2	Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
3	Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.
5	Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
1	Hey, you're not Kip!
5	(To Joey) Do you even know who Kip is?
0	Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
3	Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
3	Expect it in 4-6 weeks. (She starts to leave.) Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
3	Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
0	Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.
2	(on phone from Central Perk) Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
1	What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
2	Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
1	Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.
2	(Thinks for a moment.) Aw, dammit! (Slams the phone down.)
1	Hey, excuse me, would you mind switching with me?
1	Come on man! You've been here all day!
4	I do too! I do too!
5	Oh, honey, don't worry. She's gonna make it on time.
5	Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?
4	Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
2	Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
1	Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
1	Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like he's juggling.) Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone
4	What are you talking about?
0	Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
5	Oh, I went to have pizza. With Danny.
0	How did that happen?
5	That yeti is one smooth talker.
0	I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
5	Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
5	Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really I don't mind.
4	Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
5	Okay. Okay. Joey, it's okay. Settle down.
1	I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar.
0	Rachel! Let me in! Rachel!
0	Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?
0	I really need to talk to you.
0	Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?
0	Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might (Turns to look at Ross) end up hurting.
4	Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. (Looks at the rose mulch.) My God, think of the massacre.
0	All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
1	(In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.
1	Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
1	All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
2	Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
0	Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic (Phoebe gasps), in Central Park!
1	Yeah, all of us! All day!
4	This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
0	Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! (Shows him Ben's picture.) Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
4	Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
0	See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
5	That really is something; that's really cool.
4	Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. (Chandler starts rubbing his temple again.) I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. (He starts to head for Monica's bedroom.) I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. (Pause.) I would make a good cowboy. (He struts into Monica's room.)
0	Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
3	Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. (Smells it.) Yep.
2	Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
5	Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?
3	Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
0	Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
3	Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. (Turns to look at Ross and Joey.)
0	Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
1	She's right y'know.
4	Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
0	Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
3	I didn't think I was!
0	Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
3	Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. (Points at the door.)
1	Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
1	Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
4	You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
2	Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
5	Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
2	Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, (pause) is on this couch.
2	Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
2	Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
2	Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
3	Hey man, how did the audition go?
1	Estelle said I didn't get it. (Sits down next to Rachel on the couch.)
5	What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
1	Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
4	What kind of problem?
1	Well to tell you the truth, they uh, (Pause) they had a problem with the bag!
1	Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!
0	Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
1	I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? (She's avoiding his eyes.) Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
1	(To Rachel) Well look, hey, it's all your fault!
1	Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!
0	What about the closeness?
1	Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
1	(entering) All right! Hey, who wants pizza?!
3	Ooh, I do! I do! I do!
1	(taking a bite) Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor?
1	Uhh, just a minute officer!!
2	Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
5	Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!
5	Okay? Whoa, wait! (She undoes one button on Phoebe's dress.)
2	Oh now, don't give away the farm!
2	I was going too. (They go inside and he closes the door.) Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?
2	So, here we are. Nervous?
2	No, I want this to happen.
3	I'm gonna put on some music.
2	Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you. (She starts doing a rather suggestive and seductive dance that's silly at the same time.)
2	Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
3	Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
3	Oh, do you not want to?
2	No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
3	(swallowing hard) Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
3	Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
0	(interrupting) Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
0	Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
3	I think I do! (They all laugh.) Thank you, Monica.
0	I thought you could use the help.
3	Coffee in a fight! (Does the laugh again.)
1	(entering) Hey Rach! Hey, you mind if I read my comic books in here?
1	Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
5	What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
3	(from his bedroom) All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
0	Sorry! I'm just - I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
3	But we're not ready to tell yet!
0	I know! It's just that ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
0	(entering) Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
0	Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearing men's boxers.]
3	I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
2	That game should not be played without my supervision.
3	Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
3	Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. (Looks into the bag.) Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
5	Okay, then y'know what? Help me! I need help! I can't do this!
0	Okay! All right! Let's do it!
0	Put your head back.
0	Now, open your eyes.
0	How many fingers am I holding up? (She's not holding any up.)
0	Oh my God, I was thinking four.
0	Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
0	On three, 1 2 3! (Rachel turns her head on three to avoid the drops.) Now my pillow's all wet! (She was trying to fool Rachel and squeezed the eyedropper.)
5	Well, well, you said it was practice!
3	Okay, bye! (To the gang.) Oh my God!!
0	That was unbelievable!
5	Okay, see? I told you!
1	Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.
3	I don't believe they're brother and sister.
1	They're brother and sister!!!
2	Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. (The lady opens up her hand.) Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. (She throws the lint away.) What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here! (The lady walks away.)
2	Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! (The guy starts to walk away with a hurt look on his face.) And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! (Her boss and a co-worker walk up.) Hi Bob! (The same old lady from before walks bye.) (To the old lady.) I thought I told you to get outta here!
2	That chick can't handle my corner.
5	Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it?
5	Oh, terrific! That'll be $2,000.
5	Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
5	(makes some unintelligible sound to stop her from leaving) Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! (Covers her eyes) Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! (Uncovers her eyes and sees that the woman has fled) Damnit! (To the cat) Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! (The cat hisses at her again, it sounds like Rachel) Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
0	Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
1	I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!
0	Please! I made this game what it is.
0	All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
0	All right! Let's go! (Runs to the door.) Let's go Team Monica! (The guys all stop and stare at her) All right, we can work out the name later.
0	Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
3	Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
0	(overhearing that) Why don't you just go out with her!
2	(following him) And did you notice the ice? (Gestures to 3 huge buckets of ice on the table.) Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! (Pours some water onto the dry ice, causing it to evaporate/smoke.) Ahhh! Mystical!
0	Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
3	There are snow cones! (Monica glares at him.) Snow cones! Yuck!
0	Y'know go! Go! Right there! (Points)
3	Thank you! Thank you! (Runs to the snow cone machine.)
2	(noticing her) Oh, look! Look! Look!
5	What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!
0	That's the surprise!
5	Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
5	Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.
2	I was in charge of cups.
5	Oh, okay, not so weird.
4	Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.
4	I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
3	Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
4	I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
3	Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
1	Yeah, hero sandwiches. (Points at Ross who points back.)
2	Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. (Gets up) But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. (Starts to leave.) (To Joey) Not you Joey.
5	Hey! Hey! (Stops Caitlin) Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
5	No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
5	I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
5	Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
5	Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
5	(entering) Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
5	Well, I don't get it, but she wanted me to give you her phone number. (Hands him the slip of paper with the phone number on it.)
4	And she just gave you this?
3	Again I must go back to, how?
1	This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand (Holds up his left hand) twice? Huh?
3	(Pause) Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
1	Hey, are you unsupporting me again?
3	No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
1	I found my identical hand twin!
2	But she just came up here!
2	I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
3	Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
2	Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
2	Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
2	Good. (After he leaves, she puts on Joey's gladiator helmet and checks herself out in the mirror) I should really start wearing hats!
5	Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent. (Disembarks)
2	Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!
5	I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
2	Totally. I'm like 90/10.
1	Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
5	(staring at him) Wh - no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
0	So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
3	Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
3	If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
3	Well, never say never but y'know probably uh yeah, never.
0	Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
3	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
0	Y'know what?! I gotta go! Ugh!
3	(to them) It's okay, I got a plan.
5	We're gonna find love!
5	Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
4	I'm-I'm Ross by the way.
3	I'm sorry you're here with me instead of Roger.
3	Well, I could make it seem like he's here. (Imitates him.) "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979."(Mumbles something further.)
0	Stop it!! That's not funny!!
0	I'm sorry, okay? It just - tonight was supposed to be y'know, it was supposed to be a big deal.
0	You don't want to know what tonight was.
3	Okay. (Pause.) What was tonight?
0	Well, tonight was - was going to be my first time.
3	With Roger? (Monica shyly looks away.) Not just with Roger?! (Monica shrugs.) Oh my God!
0	All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
1	No it isn't! No, it's not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
5	Well, what is the truth?
4	Yeah, what's going on?
1	(thinking) I slept with Monica.
3	Well let's .let's see what everybody thinks of that?
4	You slept with my sister?
1	Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.
4	This is not good for my rage. (Takes another pill.)
5	Monica, is this true?
1	Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
5	Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
1	Ahh - oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
3	Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great"and then I just, I just stopped talking!
0	You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
3	No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
4	Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
5	(entering, carrying an armful of those little soaps.) Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside (Sees the Walthams and stops.)
4	Now, hold on! Hold on! (Stops him) Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! (Rachel sits down, depressed.) That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
0	Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
0	I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
1	Can I ask you something?
1	I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?
1	But what about how much taller he is than me?
1	I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
1	Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
1	Had the beef-tips, huh?
2	(To Joey) You ate meat! (Joey is shocked) (To Chandler and Monica) You had sex! (They're shocked.)
2	Good. Y'know - no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
5	Oh, well, actually we were just talking about me not going to Ross's wedding.
5	It just might be too hard, given the history and all that
2	Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
5	Well, h-how is this like that?
5	(starting to cry) I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that
2	Alrighty, here come the water works. (Rachel starts crying harder.)
1	Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
4	I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so
1	So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
1	I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those
4	That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
3	So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? (Gives Joey a little squeeze.)
0	Ooooh! (Rachel now succeeds in getting downstairs.) And-and-and what-what's this? (Points again.)
5	Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.
5	Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime.
5	Yeah, sure. (To Monica) All right, whose court is the ball in now?
0	I thought there wasn't a ball?
5	Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!
5	Oh, go on! You telling people about me?
4	(stops her) Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I've been thinking, I'm just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.
5	What's that song? It has been in my head all day long.
3	It's the theme from Good Will Humping.
5	Y'know who doesn't even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend Joshua.
5	No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
3	Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
1	Yeah, he likes porn.
5	I'm going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny. (As she exits, Phoebe enters.) Hey, Pheebs!
0	How did it go with Frank and Alice?
2	Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you (Points to Chandler) about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
3	They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
4	She, she was different.
4	Nobody likes change.
4	What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
4	WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
5	You seem to really like her.
4	Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
5	Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
5	Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
0	Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can't believe my brother's getting married! And in London! It's so romantic!
1	(taking apart the invitation) Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You're at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?""No-no, I got my invitation."
2	Oooh look! Isn't this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
2	Hey! Hey, did you get your invitation to Ross's wedding?
1	No, it's too wrinkly to be a mole.
4	Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?
3	No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a
5	(entering, interrupting them) Hey guys! What's... (sees what they're doing and stops, the guys are stunned)
3	Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter.
2	(to her date) Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music. (points to the stage)
2	Yeah, and these are my friends. People. This is Vince, Vince the people.
2	Vince is a fireman.
5	Wow! Have you ever rescued anyone from a burning building before?
3	Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
3	You're right, I know.
1	Yeah, sure. Well y'know, earlier she was talking about geography.
0	Joey, she was listing the countries she's done it in.
1	Well, I think we all learned something.
2	(entering, hurridly) Hey, you guys! Look what I found! Look at this! (She hands Chandler a picture) That's my Mom's writing! Look.
3	(reading the back of the picture) Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965.
2	Y'know what that means?
1	That you're actually 50?
2	I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
5	(sarcastic) Ohh, big, fat bummerrr.
2	So great! Okay! Tomorrow we're gonna drive out to Montauk.
4	Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.
0	Really? Who's number two?
3	Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
4	Uh, no, it's-it's just this person.
2	Like a date type (looks at Rachel) person?
4	Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
5	No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so
5	I meant, me plus one!
1	Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
4	All right, I'll see you tonight.
5	Okay, I need a date! (runs to her bedroom)
1	Oh, hey, you guys are finally gonna get to meet Kate!
1	(to Chandler) And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
0	Joey, what are you doing?! It's never gonna happen, she's seeing somebody.
5	Hi! All right, let's go shoppin'!!
0	Oh, this is so great.
5	Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
2	What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
3	You mean like, music?
3	Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
3	Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.
3	No-no, he's not back yet, but he'll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
3	I like it in the stern. (Realizes what he just said.) of the boat. (The phone rings, and he answers it.) (on phone) Hello.
1	(on the other end at a pay phone) Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
1	We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
3	Why can't you tell her?
1	'Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to - (he stops talking suddenly)
3	Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."(He says it like urine sample.)
5	How'd it go with Pete?!
0	You're not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over...
0	So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm...
1	Oh, nothing, no. It's an acting exercise, I'm practising my fake laugh.
1	What-what's so funny?
3	Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
3	No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.
3	Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.
5	Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit. (hands him an audio cassette)
3	Oh. (takes the cassette and puts it on his arm like the stop smoking patch, and it falls off.) Nope, that patch is no good. (Joey and Monica both do their fake laughs.)
5	Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.
1	Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
4	(triumphantly) I'm gonna be on TV!!
3	Oh my God! Who's gonna watch that?!
4	Thanks. You ready to go?
1	Saw a girl with that vest.
1	(on phone) Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
0	Hi! Hey, Pete you're back! Hey, check this out. (She starts to skate over to him)
0	Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
0	Oh, what'd ya bring me?! (She opens the gift) Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
4	Well ah, Aunt Silvia was, well not a nice person.
0	Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch! (Ross gives her a look) (to Ross) And I'm sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
4	You get the dollhouse.
0	I get the dollhouse!
2	Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
1	Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
0	Y'know what, you can play with my dollhouse.
0	Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
3	My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
5	Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
3	Oh, that's-that's okay, no problem. (He starts to look around her office.)
3	There we go little fella.
3	Well the duck can swim.
0	That cold makes you sound so great.
2	It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. (Coughs really loudly.)
1	Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.
2	Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
0	Y'know what, I like Kathy.
3	Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
3	She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
2	Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.
4	Come on, Pheebs lay off him.
4	Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.
0	(turning around and doing that, "I'm making out with someone,"thing with her hands) Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! (She turns around and sees Gunther staring at her and stops suddenly.)
4	(whispering in her ear) Oh, that's right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that's gotta be embarrassing!
2	(screaming, angrily) ...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! (applause) (happily) Thank you, thanks.
4	(reading the newspaper) Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
3	Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
4	I'm reading your ad.
3	(reading the ad) Stunning entertainment center. Fine, (pause) fine Italian craftsmanship. (Joey is very proud of himself)
2	Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
5	Why? I love that thing.
3	Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
1	Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
3	All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
1	What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
1	Oh. What do you do?
0	So do them for free.
2	Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
4	They make you take an oath?
2	No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
3	Why don't you just give him to somebody else?
2	No, I can handle it. No, I'm a professional. (She starts to leave)
5	Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
0	Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
3	Because that's the only part of you he can see when he's on the table!
0	You're gonna do some feet flirtin'!
2	I don't what your talking about. (Laughs nervously and continues to leaqve)
4	Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
2	Because it's Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
5	Oh! My hero! What happened?
2	Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
2	Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
2	(walking back in with her hand over her eyes.) Umm, where's my purse?
0	(closing the fridge in disgust) Shoot! We're out of soda.
3	(jumping up) Oh, I'll go out and get you some.
3	Nope! Because I'm not your boyfriend. (to Phoebe, who's entering) Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
2	Well, umm, my Mom's friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.
3	I found a dried up seashores.
0	Sweety, what are you talking about?
2	Oh, my new Mom, who-who's a big, fat abandoner! (starts to go upstairs)
1	Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don't you wanna stay here and talk about it?
3	I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
1	Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
2	Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
3	(to Janice) Okay. (to Joey) Joey, trade lives with me!
1	Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross, I can't believe you said you'd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
4	Hey, I can handle it! All right?
5	Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.
4	That's 'cause-'cause you're mom's dog kept-kept looking at me.
1	(pointing to the TV) Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That's called a scrum, okay? It's kinda like a huddle.
4	And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?
1	Ross! (Laughs) They're gonna kill you!
2	Well, why are you doing this anyway?
4	Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
5	I'll be right there! (to Ross) Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
4	All right, I'll do it.
5	Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! (Monica opens the door.) Emily?
5	There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So
0	I-I-I think you look great.
2	It kicked! I think the baby kicked!
2	Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.
1	(running from his bedroom) Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
3	Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
2	Hey! You guys, I'm writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
5	Pheebs, that's great!
5	But y'know umm, Rachel doesn't rhyme with draddle.
2	I know but it's so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
1	What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
2	All good, thanks. (to Rachel) Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that's easier to rhyme?
0	Didn't your dad used to call you Pumpkin?
3	Stupid, useless Canadian money!
5	Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.
5	Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.
5	I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
5	Yes, I realize that
5	I love working with designers!
0	Hey! My first review is out!
5	Oh, I can not believe you didn't tell me!
2	Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."
1	Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
3	Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid"T-shirt anymore.
1	Well, I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)
3	All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
1	Oh, I embarrass you?
3	How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you?
3	Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
3	All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
1	Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
3	Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore! (He trips over a box, falls into a flower stand and walks away trying to be cool.)
4	Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
4	Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
3	When was the last time you saw her wear it?
4	Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh
4	What are you doing?
1	I'm sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.
4	Everything? Even the TV?
1	No! I'm putting that in my room.
4	Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?
1	Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
4	That's a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
4	You've sentenced him?!
1	Hey! Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
4	Joey, the guy's your best friend.
4	Wow! I'm honored! And y'know what I'm gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
3	Well, you can understand, given how we started.
3	Well, that is what happened, and I don't even see you denying this!
5	I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
2	Rachel has a new doll.
2	Ooh, what do I smell?
1	I don't know, it smells good.
0	Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
0	Yeah, I've just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
0	Yeah, it's just something I picked up.
4	Cookies and porn, you're the best mom ever!!
5	Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be there.
0	You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
5	I know! I know, it's such a huge, life-altering thing.
4	Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. (He flips the coin and they all watch it hit the table and stop. Then they all look up at him, to see who goes first.) Okay, somebody call it this time.
4	It's heads. (The guys celebrate.) Gentlemen, pick your category.
3	Fears and Pet Peeves.
4	What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
1	Animals dressed as humans.
4	That's correct. Ladies?
4	According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
0	Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
1	(to Chandler) The Irish gig guy?!
0	Sweetie, with you it's gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, 'cause you-you guys are in love.
4	Just go for it Chandler.
5	Yeah, you should, really.
3	All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
1	Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
1	Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. (Ross does the old "Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.") Okay, moving right along. Come on.
2	I'm sorry, I'm late.
2	Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.
2	Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn't know that you did pot.
2	Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
2	Oh, I get a puppy!!
1	Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
1	Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl
0	Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
5	It's not Christmas!
0	Or Spin the Bottle?
5	What? You're leaving?!
4	Yes, we have something we have to get to.
5	No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
5	(spinning the bottle) So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
3	(waking Joey) Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!
1	(sleepily) Yeah, she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep, loudly) How you doin'?
3	You're coming on to the entire room! (He goes over to pick up a stack of magazines next to her, and to get her attention, he throws them back down.) I'm Chandler.
3	So uh, what are you in for?
3	What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
1	(asleep) So why don't you give me your number?
2	(catching it) I got it! Mine! (They both hug)
0	Okay! My turn! My turn!
1	What's the game?! What's the game?!
2	Oh, well, it doesn't have a name - oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
2	Good! Good! Five points!
2	All right, Joey, same question.
2	Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy.
0	That's not even a game!
5	What? Shut up! We're winning!
0	You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
2	Yeah! Here! (She grabs a deck out of her purse) Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
3	Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
1	Yeah! Okay. (Joey picks a card.) Phoebe, you look, I can't.
4	Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?
4	OH MY GOD!! I didn't really believe it until you just said it!!
5	Wow! This place is fabulous!
5	Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
5	Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
5	That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
1	Who cares? You're Rachel! (To Chandler) Who's Kip?
3	Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
1	Oh, that poor bastard.
5	See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
0	You're not gonna be phased out!
5	Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. (To Chandler) He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
5	Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
1	Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
1	'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
3	Yes that would have made more sense.
1	Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. (Pause.) Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
5	Phoebe? (She turns her head further away.) I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. (Moves over next to her.) You gotta come with me!
0	A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
2	Ooh, it's not a toy.
4	Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. (There are none.) Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? (He turns it over and reads the answer) Ask again later. Later is not good enough. (He shakes it up again and reads the answer.) Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
0	All right, let me see. (She grabs the 8 ball.) Will Chandler have sex tonight? (Reads the answer.) Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
1	And you don't a little good about donating the money?
2	No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
1	A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
2	Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
2	Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel - Oh no! (Realizes that her deed made her happy and therefore it's selfish and covers her mouth in horror.)
5	Oh, how does he look? How does he look?
2	I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
3	Oh God, kindergarten flashback.
3	Okay, keep saying it!
1	They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)
3	So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
1	All right, I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You see Rach I'm an actor
4	Hey! Hey, look! Ugly Naked Guy's back!
5	I haven't seen him in so long!
2	Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard!
0	Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
1	It's almost as if he knew.
0	I'll get it. (On phone.) Hello. (Listens.) Hi Emily! (Listens.) Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. (She hands the phone to Ross.)
4	Hey! (Listens.) Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. (Listens.) Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. (To the gang.) She wants to say hi. (To Emily) Hold on.
1	Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
4	Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here! (Rachel stops.)
3	Oh yeah, there-there she is!
4	Yeah, yeah, she's here.
2	That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
3	Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. (Gets up to leave.)
5	(stopping him) Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just - y'know - stop it!
3	I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
2	That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
0	Makes me wanna puke! (Chandler looks at her, quizzically.)
4	Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
3	Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little Y'know, it didn't have any It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
2	Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
0	Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
2	Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off!
0	Come on Rach, let's go.
5	Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.
5	I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
1	Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
5	(quietly) Yeah. Well. (Pause.) Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
1	Now? You want me to go over there now?
1	Do you know something?
5	Do you know something?
1	I might know something.
5	I might know something too.
1	What's the thing you know?
5	Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.
1	I can't tell you what I know.
5	Well then I can't tell you what I know.
5	Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
3	Okay, how long is this going to go on.
0	Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
4	This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?"Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me? (Laughs--whines as he sees that no one is laughing. They're just staring at him in shock.)
1	That's not funny at all!
5	Honey wait, Joey, I'm sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it (Looks for help.)
5	I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.
1	I can't believe I'm hearing this!
5	Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just - it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, (Pause) controversial.
3	Yeah umm, they're called wallets.
2	Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you (Points at all of them) with me. (They all look at her.) Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. (She opens the door to the cop from before.) Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
2	Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
2	Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
2	Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer
2	Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
3	Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.)
2	He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
1	(entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
5	Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
1	I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
2	Joey! (Examining the dress.) Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
1	It's not my first time.
0	You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
3	Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
3	Oh, you're-you're going?
2	Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.
3	(swallowing hard) It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
5	Well, I was actually - I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
0	Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
5	Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
0	Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
5	That's good enough. Right? (Pause.) Okay, well umm, I'm gonna go look at my books!
0	I'll get back to my new job.
5	'Kay. (Pause.) Congratulations on your new job. (She goes and hugs Monica and is almost in tears.)
3	Man, she is really gullible.
4	Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
4	This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then
0	Then why did you move?!
5	Because I knew you were lying!
0	All right, come here! (She gets up and drags Rachel off of the couch by her legs.)
5	(as she's being dragged) What are you? Monica!! Stop it!! Oh my God! Stop it! (Monica drags her totally onto the floor and on her back.)
0	I am going I'm going--Turn it over! (Rachel rolled onto her stomach and Monica rolls her back.) I'm I am going to get these drops in your eyes. (She is holding Rachel down with both hands and has the eyedropper in her mouth.)
5	Oh my God! You really are freakishly strong!
0	(spitting out the eyedropper) Damn! It's empty!
5	Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune! (Monica is straddling Rachel and holding her arms down. In a rather risque pose, at least for primetime TV.)
2	Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. (Thinks) Or-or Rachel!
0	(answers the phone) Hello? (Listens.) (To Phoebe) It's Joey. (Phoebe's proud of herself.) (To Joey) I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
1	(on a pay phone holding a box) Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
0	What did you do to his sweater vests?
1	Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
0	Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second. (She hands the phone to Phoebe.)
1	Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
2	Fine. (She hands her bell to Ginger and starts to take down her signs.) (The same old lady walks by again.) All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. (The old lady.)
5	Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.
5	Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and
5	Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's
5	No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.
5	No-no, they're not very nice people.
5	Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of
5	Yeah, okay, I'll see you later. (Gets up and runs from the apartment.)
5	It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken. (Pause) Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.
1	Did you get your money back?
5	Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.
0	Wow! You made a profit!
5	Oh yeah, there you go. (Hands over the pillow.)
5	Oh good, great! I'll-I'll keep that in mind. (Turns and walks away.)
2	I like waking up with you too. (Looks out the window) Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. (Some birds are singing outside the window) Oh, I can stay here all day.
2	We could have breakfast in bed
4	No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
1	Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."(Nods his head in disgust.)
4	I think, sub-consciously
1	Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
4	(pause) I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
1	Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor
1	No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
4	There you go. Thank you!
1	Thank you! So, did-did he get it?
1	Eh, what are you gonna do?
3	(to Kim and Nancy) Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
4	Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
5	I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
4	Well that I can believe.
1	(entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
1	(says hi to his grandma) Look! Oh! (Pointing out the window.) Is that the Pope?! (Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)
1	Oh, here I am, here's my big scene!
1	(on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!
3	You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
1	(on the tape) Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. (The duck quacks, to the duck) Choo! Choo! Choo! (To the imaginary cops) Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it (the duck quacks louder) Choo!! And if I don't get it, (pause, picks up the duck) I'm gonna shoot this duck!
1	(on the tape) I'm comin' out! (He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)
4	(To Phoebe) And she's supposed to buy this?!
1	(to his grandmother) That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!
0	What about these? These look the same?
0	Not as each other!
4	Ohh, it was the best!
4	I think the check in is that way. (Points)
5	Hello! (She makes a face and the kid laughs harder. Finally, his parents drag him off.) Ohh, kids love me.
2	You guys are here! Yay!
2	(sees Rachel's face) What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? (Points at Rachel) and you're Bob Saget. (An old lady has sat down at the slot machine Phoebe was just at.)
5	What are you talking about Pheebs? (Takes out her compact) I don't (She gasps when she looks in the mirror and sees her face.) (To Ross) Oh my God, you drew on me?!
4	Hey, you wet my pants!
2	Whoa, what kind of party was this?
4	Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way. (Points in the other direction. Rachel hits him with her purse and heads for the ladies room.)
2	That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
4	Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
4	What? No-no, a lurker.
5	Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
2	Yeah, yeah I got that.
2	Yeah, I locked him years ago!
5	Wh So If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
2	Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
2	Ohh, yeah. I think his exact words were (She makes two clicking sounds with her tongue and purrs.)
2	Well hey, it's just a backup.
0	Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?
1	This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?
3	Four different women! I've had sex way more times!
0	I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
3	Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
0	No. He's not a horrible guy.
3	Hey that's what I tell girls about me.
0	Chandler, I'm gonna die a virgin!
3	No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
0	Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
5	Joey, you're such an amazing actor! (He smiles.) How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
1	Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
5	Wow! Tell me something Joey - (She falls off the couch) - Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.
1	Here you go. Let me ask you a question.
1	When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?
0	I guess I wanted to keep it (Pause) as a souvenir.
3	Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
1	No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
2	So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
5	And the video camera?
0	I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
1	But sadly I could not be enticed.
4	Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
0	I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
1	Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs. (Offers it to everyone.)
2	I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
2	I don't know! I didn't come with her!
0	(entering, happily) All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!
0	Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah! (Running out) We should have essay questions!!
2	I know you didn't, I was talking about Monica.
0	Phoebe, I did not have sex.
2	This pregnancy is throwing me all off.
1	All right, I'm gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.
1	Why would you need to say hi to them, you've been feeding them for four days?
2	Oh right, maybe I'll just go home.
0	Well, we certainly are alone.
3	Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
0	Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother
0	Well, an-anyway, I just - that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
3	Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
0	And you're cute too.
3	Thank you! (They hug.) All right, I gotta go unpack.
3	(entering) I'm still on London time, does that count?
4	Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
3	So you might say, it's a magic ring.
1	(laughs, softly) Yeah, the stripper stole it.
4	My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
3	Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
4	(dialling the phone) All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
1	Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!
4	Not on you! On the stripper!
1	Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
4	Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
1	I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police."I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
4	So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
5	(laughs) Yeah, okay, at ease solider!
5	No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
5	Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."
5	Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
0	I think I need a drink.
3	98. 99. 100. Okay, go!
1	(getting up) Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! (He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.)
3	Here we go! Here we go!
4	Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.
3	You're kidding, no!
4	Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So
1	But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies!
4	Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.
0	Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
0	And well, what did she say?
0	Oh, you're totally welcome! What'd she say?
4	She said, "Thank you."I said, "I love you."And she said, "Thank you."
3	Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
1	Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
1	You play hard to get.
4	She already lives in London.
1	Then you go to Tokyo.
3	All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
0	It is not over! You're over!
0	It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go! (Tries to push Ross out the door.)
1	Don't worry man, I get to bring a guest. We'll show him.
2	I'm so jealous you're all going! I can't believe I never knew that you can't fly in your third trimester!
3	I didn't know that.
0	I never knew that either.
1	I knew that! (They all look at him) I sooo didn't know that, but you should see your faces.
5	(entering) Hey guys! What's up?
5	What's this? Is this Ross's wedding invitation?
3	See, maybe that's the one we should've actually hidden.
5	Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don't have to do that! I'm happy for him! I am! I really - I'm-I'm happ - I'll work on it.
0	Rach, you're gonna come though aren't you?
5	Oh, honey, I don't know. I
3	This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?"Right? Because I already bought my ticket
5	Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
2	Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
5	What-Pheebs?! Two dates in one day? That's so unlike you.
2	I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
1	So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
2	Does a dog's lips move when he reads? (Joey makes an `I don't know' face, and looks to Chandler and Rachel, who're also stumped) Okay, no they don't.
3	(joining them) Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's?
4	Well, he said there's definitely nothing to worry about, it's totally benign.
4	He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
3	Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
4	At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
1	Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
4	(sarcastic) Yeah, that'd be cool!
0	Pete's breaking up with me.
1	Can I see the comics?
0	Guys. I thought you were taking Ross to the game?
3	We are. He's meeting us here.
2	Oh come on, they can be in the same room.
1	Yeah, you shoulda been there last night.
2	Why? What happened now?
1	Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
3	Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
1	(Voice Over) Previously on Friends.
4	I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
5	You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
4	Is this about Mark?
4	Okay, it's not, it's not.
5	Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
4	Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, (goes to the door) let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something.. (opens the door)
1	(to Monica) Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
0	I won't give you anything, but you'll owe me 2.95.
2	(entering) Hey. I need an atlas! I need an atlas!
0	Why? (in a motherlike tone) Do you have a report due?
2	I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don't know where his country is.
0	Okay, let's start with the free messages outside the UN.
2	Oh!! That's my new thing. I figure bodies at peace, make peace.
0	Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?
2	Ick-neck-tree-anis..... There's a 'g' in there.
1	Wow! This girl is good.
2	Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
2	(to Chandler) Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
3	Well, that's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people.
0	(to Phoebe) Look at you. All jealous.
4	Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she's more..(shakes his shoulders, like he's dancing) y'know, and you're more (sees the look from Phoebe and stops)
2	Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she's done.
2	Oh no, one of those 'look for the hidden meaning' songs.
0	Six? I just had it for one night. It's three.
0	Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you're gonna have to help me out here, 'cause I only have three.
0	Oh my God. Richard? (turns around) Hi!
0	Wow! Your lip went bald. (Richard pays the clerk) Hey, thanks.
1	Hey, Bonnie had sex there!
0	(watching a happy couple walk by, arm in arm) Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
3	You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
3	Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I'll be your boyfriend.
3	Why is that so funny?
0	You made a joke right? So I laughed.
3	Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
0	Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler! (hits him on the arm)
3	Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like (in a fake voice) "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
0	Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
0	Oh, hey! Oh good, you brought food!
1	No, it's just my luggage.
1	Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
2	Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
3	Yeah, and I don't have any cologne.
1	The green bottle next to the shaving cream.
3	Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.
0	(to Phoebe) Here you go. You can wear this. (hands her a sweater)
2	Okay. (on phone) Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. (does so) But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. (starts to put on the sweater) Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. (She has pulled the sweater over her head, but her head is stuck in a sleeve.) Just one sec. One sec! One second!! (She is now frantically trying to get the sweater on, as Monica returns from the bathroom.) Wait! One second! Just
2	What?! Monica, I'm scared!!
0	All right. Honey, that's-that's a sleeve. Okay?
0	And! We also have speaker phone. (She turns on the speaker phone.)
0	Okay, wait, you gotta hang up 'cause we're gonna be late.
0	All right then. (He leans in to kiss her goodnight, but she quickly kisses him on the cheek and pats his shoulder.) Bye.
0	Hello, people who do not live here.
0	I gave you a key for emergencies!
4	Hey, how'd the date go with Mr. Millionaire?
3	Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
0	He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
0	Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
3	Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
1	(entering, dancing and singing) Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! (He dances around the dinner table and exits)
4	I guess he musta gotten the part in that play.
3	Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
1	Oh, so you're playing Adrienne, huh?
1	Oh, no. Ah, I playing your husband, Victor. I'm Joey Tribianni.
3	I thought your time ran out.
1	Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more - (his time runs out for real)
3	(to Kathy) Uhh, that was Joey. He's running a little late, he says he's sorry.
3	So I guess it's just uh, you and me then.
3	Yeah, I think it is!
3	Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut
3	and then it got canceled.
3	Really?! You do that?
2	All right, so, so you went to Pete's...
1	(to Billy) So you're the gynaecologist?
5	(to Ross) What's your problem?
4	Nothing, it's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
5	Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
4	Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
5	Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
2	All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
3	Or what my Father called Thursday night.
5	Oh, y'know what, I didn't want cinnamon on this.
2	What are you doing here?
2	But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
2	Your getting married?!
0	(popping back up) Regular or decaf?
0	So what did you do today Pete?
0	Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
5	What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
0	I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. (She removes her fake breasts) But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
5	And you're still not attracted to him at all?
0	Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
5	Yeah, but Mon that's totally different. He was you're health teacher.
5	Oh, I am, my side still hurts from when you crashed into me yesterday.
0	Oh God, I'm so sorry.
4	(entering, wearing a white suit with a little red bow tie) Hey, you guys! Guess what?
5	Honey um, honey, you do realise that we don't keep the women's lingerie here in the office?
3	Yes, I realise that.
5	Summer catalogue! (hands him the catalogue)
3	That's the stuff! (quickly grabs it)
5	(introduces them) Joanna, this is my friend Chandler Bing (to Chandler) Joanna.
3	Thanks, it's ah, Gaelic, for 'Thy turkey's done.' So ah, I'm gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
5	Oh, nothing, he's just goofy like that, I actually, hardly notice it anymore.
2	So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
0	Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
2	Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo"thing.
4	(loudly) So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!
0	How's it going with her?
4	Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing"ourselves.
5	(entering, with a guy) Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
0	So, did you play in college? (She points to his NYU Soccer (football for the rest of the world) sweatshirt he's wearing.)
5	Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
5	Okay. (He starts to leave, and Rachel grabs him and gives him a passionate kiss.) I'll miss you.
5	I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
4	Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
3	I can't believe you don't know what I do for a living!
2	Yeah, I actually don't know...
5	Something to do with numbers?
2	Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! (goes over and picks up the cat) Come on. Crazy. (looks into the cat's eyes) Oh my God.
1	What? What's wrong?
2	I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
5	You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
4	Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
2	No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. (Chandler shrugs) Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. (Rachel nods her head in unsure agreement) My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... (Joey thinks he understands, but then nods that he has no clue.) Cats....like....fish! (Ross and Rachel are totally lost) (to the cat) Hi, Mommy. (Rachel covers her mouth, in an "Oh my God."gesture) Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
1	(to Chandler) Dude, Phoebe's mom has got a huge peni...
5	Umm, when were you gonna tell me that you're going out with Chip Matthews?
0	Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
5	Nooo! It's not okay! I can't believe you would want to after what he did to me!
0	What, that little thing at the prom?
5	Monica! I couldn't find him for two hours! He was having sex with Amy Welch!
1	Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later. (Starts to leave)
0	What a minute, what did he say?
1	He said that he wasn't gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he's gonna do is have you evicted - I'll see you later.
5	What?! You got us evicted!!
0	I told you not to go down there!
1	Well he made Rachel cry!
0	Rachel always cries!
0	Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
1	All right! I'll try! But if I can't, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
1	All right, all right, all right. (Starts to leave, stops, and turns around) I mean I'll have to check with him first, but I'll think he'll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
4	Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
4	One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
2	No. I'm just, I wanna, I need to be alone.
4	Well, it was loong. I didn't even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o'clock shadow on her head. (They both start to laugh, then stop themselves quickly.) Anyway, she didn't want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
5	I wrote you a letter.
4	Ohh! Thank you! I like mail. (He goes to kiss her again, but she turns away.)
5	(handing him the letter) It's just some things I've been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
4	Okay. (He leans in to kiss her again, but she leans back preventing him from making contact.) Wow, it's-it's 5:30 in the morning. (Rachel laughs) So, I'd better get cracking on this baby.
5	Well, I'll be waiting for you, just come up when you're done.
4	Okay, I'll be up in, (looks at the letter) 18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.
4	Oh. (looks at his watch) Oh-oh. (takes a drink of coffee and resumes reading the letter)
5	(coming down the stairs) Hey! (Ross jumps up, and quickly puts the letter back together, pretending like he has just finished it.) What happened to you? Why didn't you come up?
4	Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
4	Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
4	Oh, sure! I'm sure.
3	All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
2	You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. (Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
5	(starts laughing, Ross stares at her) I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
1	All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's Chandler!
4	Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle. (He points to a player who starts running and then gets viscously tackled from behind.)
5	Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin' at him.
1	Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points), and that guy (Points). And that one - Dude! They're all huge!
4	They don't look any bigger than me!
1	Well, maybe that's because you're closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
2	Whoa! (The player leaves and to Joey) I kinda liked it.
4	Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. (Joey and Phoebe don't know what he's talking about.) Y'know, Red Ross!
0	Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
1	Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
0	Yeah. Run ten blocks, that'll help the smell.
5	Hey - whoa, slow down. (Gets a whiff of him) No, keep moving. (Joey runs off.) Wow!
0	So? How did it go with Joshua last night?
5	The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
2	Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
5	No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!"and he let her right in.
0	So you hit her in the face?
5	No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
5	Honey, that's you're name.
2	That's short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
0	Hey! You're wearing pants!
3	That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
2	Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
3	(to Rachel) Have I got the 50 guys for you!
3	Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! (to Joey) Knicks tonight?
1	Sure! Where are the seats?
3	Wherever! I've got like 20!
5	So, will I like any of these guys?
3	Y'know what, I'm gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
3	Guys are signing over their 401-K's to me?
2	(shocked) You work with robots!!
3	(pause) Yes. (to Rachel) Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer.
5	Ohh, I like swimmer's bodies!
3	Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
5	Op, I like credit cards!
2	Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
0	All right, look at my on the back page.
2	Oh, okay! (reading) "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head."(to Monica) Wow! You really laid into this place.
0	Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
2	Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
0	Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
2	No-no, it's okay. But are we sure we don't want the waterbed?
0	Haven't we made this decision?
0	Oh my God, oh my God. (on intercom) Call me on the phone!
4	Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? (He puts his pants on backwards.) This isn't right.
4	I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? (Holds out his pants)
4	The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
4	No. I'm saying it's now. (He starts putting on his pants, backwards again.)
4	There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
4	(chasing her, trying to zip up his pants. His got them on right now.) No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please - (He catches something important in the zipper and howls like a little boy and falls to the floor.)
2	So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?
5	Manhattan does not have enough stores.
2	Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.
4	I'm gonna get you to talk to Chandler.
1	All right. But if you weren't my best friend.
1	(entering) Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
0	Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
5	Ooh, so cute, that I'm thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.
0	Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
3	Hey! I'm sorry! That - (sees that Joey is about to leave) where are you going?
3	Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?
1	I don't know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
1	Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I
3	Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
4	Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
0	Wait! Wait! This isn't take-out!
2	(getting up) Well, I hate to eat and run, but
0	No, wait, please don't go! I've got porn for you too!
2	Yeah, I don't need it.
0	People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
5	Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
0	I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
2	Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
3	His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
4	Gentlemen, you're pick.
4	Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
3	She has a real name.
3	Althea?! What are you doing?!
3	You're shooting with Althea?!
5	We'll take Literature!!
4	Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
5	Chandler gets it! It's Chandler Bing!
4	I'm afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.
0	I knew that! Rachel! Use you're head!
3	Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
2	Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
2	Uh-huh. (To the embryos) Good luck.
2	All right, I'm sorry.
1	Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.
1	Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.
1	Well, how-how come?
4	That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey. (Joey is shocked.)
4	(entering) Hey, uh, I'm really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.
1	It's no big deal. Hey, y'know, you do what you gotta do. Right?
4	It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
0	I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
1	Welcome to America. (They both kiss.)
0	Two in a row! You've got to use your tongues now! (They kiss again.)
3	What are the odds? What are the odds?
4	(stopping them) Okay, that-that's enough! Y'know, let's, let's let someone else play.
1	If you didn't want to play, why did you come to the party?
2	Oh my God!! The baby just kicked!
5	It's okay! It's okay! It kicked once, it'll kick again!
5	All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.
2	Y'know it doesn't matter how much I'm craving it. Y'know why I'm never gonna eat meat? Because it's murder, cold blooded murder.
3	There's a Phoebe on my sandwich! (He walks away, giving the sandwich to Phoebe.)
1	Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!
2	I can't help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.
1	All right look, y'know how-y'know how when you're dating someone and you don't want to cheat on them, unless it's with someone really hot?
1	All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you're going to do something wrong, (He grabs two steaks from the freezer) do it right!
2	Okay! (Gets into position) Okay, ready?
0	(upset) That was a terrible throw!!
2	I'm not gonna right to you! That's not real!
0	Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! (Finally realises) Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
2	Yeah, I think we are.
0	This isn't even my dress.
0	I'm changing out of this.
0	In like a half-hour?
0	Okay, throw it straight this time.
0	I'm getting married next!!
0	Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn't you start feeling silly?
2	Oh, you're such a cheater!
2	What make you think I can?! (Shields her eyes from it.)
3	Why are you screaming and hugging?
0	Because we won our apartment back!
1	What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!
0	No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
2	I don't know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! (She fans out the trick deck.) Ah-ha!
5	All right, cut, let's pick again, pick again.
5	Come on apartment! Come on apartment! (Picks a card.) Oh! I know queen is high!
1	Uh-huh, not as high as (picks a card) It worked! King!
0	But, we pick again! We pick again!
3	Tickets please! (Rachel hands over the tickets) That's courtside baby!
5	I know, I can do more than cook.
5	Ohh! It's so nice to meet you. (She goes over and shakes their hands.) Hello.
5	Well, we were going to do that after - I mean umm, next.
5	Oh, yeah, well Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin' around the house.
1	Dude, I am sorry about what I said!
3	No, no, you're right, it is a ridiculous name!
3	Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.
1	So, you're just Bing?
2	All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?
3	Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.
5	Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.
2	Okay, but try and get Joey too.
4	(entering) Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?
2	Oh, sure! (She gets up to leave.) Bye Ross! (Whispering behind his back.) Forever.
5	Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?
5	No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.
4	Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
5	Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!
4	I can't believe this is happening.
1	(entering) (He clears his throat to get their attention.) Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
3	I just came over to drop off nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
3	So, I guess this is over.
3	Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.
3	Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
3	(entering) Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
3	I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH MY GOD.
3	Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
0	Well, if we owe it? (She throws down her cleaning stuff and jumps into his arms.) Oh my When is Joey gonna be home?
3	Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
0	But, I just cleaned the bathroom.
3	Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.
3	All right, let's show them how it's done.
3	Y'know that wasn't part of it?
5	(entering) Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!
0	Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
0	I think you're better than you think you are.
0	(interrupting) Know when to stop.
3	Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
0	Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. (They kiss and as she starts to leave, Chandler starts to dance. Without turning around.) Don't do the dance.
0	I think you're my favorite.
2	Which one do you have?
5	(entering) Hi. (To Phoebe) Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
2	But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know
5	Yeah, umm, no honey.
2	Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
2	So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! (Imitates the high fives.) Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! (One of the babies begins to cry.) Well, if you're gonna cry. (She starts crying.)
0	Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
5	So does it really hurt as bad as they say?
2	Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
4	(going onto the patio) Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
4	Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
4	Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
4	So, can you trust me?
1	I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.
0	How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
0	No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
5	Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.
0	Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
5	Yeah, I-I don't care.
0	Okay. I-I can't watch. (Leaves as sits down to read the paper.)
5	Yeah, what's it about?
4	Events from around the globe.
5	Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
4	Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized
5	Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.
5	Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, (pause) I'm still in love with you Ross.
4	Wow. Umm Huh I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
4	What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
5	(Laughing) I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
4	Why are you laughing?
1	Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen (Phoebe returns and interrupts them.)
2	Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So
5	Ohhh, yeah, me too.
2	That's weird. (Pause.) I bet they're doing it.
2	Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.
2	All right, I can't wait!
4	I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it.
4	That's what I'm telling you.
2	You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.
3	Not if I kiss you first.
3	Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
2	Here it comes. Our first kiss.
3	Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
3	Because I'm in love with Monica!!
2	You're-you're what?!
3	Love her! That's right, I LOVE HER!!! I love her!! (They walk together and hug.) I love you, Monica.
0	I love you too Chandler. (They kiss.)
2	I just - I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
4	Okay. Sometimes I feel
4	Dude, we got to talk.
4	I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. (He laughs, his real laugh this time.) What you're-you're not mad?
3	Why would I be mad?
4	Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
3	I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
3	And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty (counts his money) seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down - let's write it down!
2	Oh that's my grandma. (Joey holds the box away from him.) And thanks Joey she's having a really great time. (Joey is happy now.)
3	(who has just entered) Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
2	Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering (We hear the dial tone as Joey hangs up.) Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
3	Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
0	Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
3	That's a good idea. I wonder where I could (Pause) get a basket of porn
2	No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
2	Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
4	(entering) Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
4	What do you like better flora or fauna?
4	Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
4	Why are you mad at me?
2	You said I was boring--Ohh!
3	Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
4	Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
1	(entering) Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
3	Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! (Pause) Last night!
1	No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
4	I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
3	Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
1	Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
1	Okay. (Reading.) "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out."Ross (Points to him.)
4	About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.
0	All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
2	(entering) Oh good, you're all up.
5	Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?
2	Oh yeah, that's over.
3	Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
5	Phoebe, are you okay?
2	Yeah. Yeah, I'll be alright.
1	Oh hey, here Pheebs. (He throws her the ball.)
2	(catches it) Nah, I don't feel like playing. (She sets the ball down on the table and everyone gasps.)
0	It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
5	Phoebe, honey, wanna get some breakfast?
0	Okay! Okay, let's race! First one there wins! Ha-ha! (Runs out the door and everyone watches her leave.)
3	You guys wanna eat here?
1	Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
5	Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.
3	I'll catch you guys later. (Exits.)
3	You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
0	Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.
3	Let me see the earrings.
0	Oh, honey, the earrings
3	(looking at them) They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
0	My boyfriend really does have good taste!
3	(To Ross) Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
2	Oh. What's a lurker?
4	Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then
4	No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
2	How do you know about this?
4	My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance - karate lessons.
4	Yes, it's a deadly but beautiful sport. (Does a karate chop, then does a little dance-type sway.)
4	Oh my God! Rach-Rach, are-are-are you sure?
5	No, actually I took it off then I drew it back on.
1	(entering) Hey-hey-hey you made it!
1	All right! Hey-hey!
1	Who's your friend? He's hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)
1	Whoa-whoa, what's the matter?! Talk to the captain!
0	I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
1	Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
0	It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
1	Well, you know Chandler.
0	No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
1	Maybe that's the problem.
1	Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.
0	Is that some kind of boat talk?
1	I don't know! (All excited) I haven't totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.
0	What does he think? Does he think I'm just gonna wait around for nothing?
1	Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
0	(starts for the door) Well there's some people who do want to marry me.
1	R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandler's tellin' ya how much he hates marriage?!
5	Wow! I can't, I can't feel my hands.
3	Yeah! (Takes it.) If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
0	Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
0	It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
3	Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
0	Absolutely! It would just be one friend (Points at Chandler) helping out another friend. (Points at herself.)
3	Stop it! We're doing this! Let's do it!
0	Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?
0	I have no moves. (He moves in to kiss her and she laughs and backs away.) Okay, whatcha doin' there?! (Giggles.) Oh y'know what? I'm sorry, this is just too weird.
3	Yeah, let's just forget it.
0	What if I turn out the lights? (Runs to shut them off.)
5	(groans) Oh God. Oh I can't believe Joey Tribbiani heard me throw up!
4	Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
5	Well, I-I-I've been on Standby for a flight home for hours.
5	Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?
5	So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
4	Pretty soon I guess.
4	I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
5	No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
4	I get it! Well, that's that.
5	No, you know what, I think you should go.
5	Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
4	Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know
4	I could, yeah, I can do that.
1	Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I
3	Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
1	Oh, that sounds like fun, but we've got a ring to find!!
0	Here's your tea Phoebe. (They give it to her and quickly take a step back.)
2	(sips it) It's so good. (Monica and Rachel breath a sigh of relief.) Oh, thanks.
0	I'm so glad you liked it.
2	(sets the cup down) Oh! (Grabs her stomach in pain.)
5	What?! She made the tea! (Points to Monica.)
2	Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
0	Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
5	Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
1	Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
4	Are you guys sure about this?
3	Yes! Ross, you have to stay!
4	So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just (Does the 'quiet down' maneuver).
3	Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
4	(popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress) Come on, it's fun!
3	All right! (He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.) Isn't this a woman's hat?
1	Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
1	Way to be strong, man!
3	Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
5	Well, so, why don't you just turn it off?
3	Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.
2	(entering carrying a case) Ooh, good, you're hear! Okay.
5	Well, what-what 'cha got there?
2	Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. (She opens the case and removes a knife and an soda can.) Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? (She efficiently cuts it in half.) Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking
3	Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
0	Phoebe, they didn't make you pay for those knives, did they?
5	Honey, you're not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.
2	No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
3	What's the second part of your plan?
4	Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight?
0	You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren't there. Just say you'll think about it, okay?
5	No, I'll think about it. Yeah.
3	Oh, that's Ross's.
5	Oh... (opens it and sees it is a pin) Oh my God. He remembered.
5	It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
2	Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
0	I can't believe he did this.
3	Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
5	What did you just say?
3	(stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....
4	But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
5	Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
0	Well that's it. People never say `We need to talk' unless it's something bad.
1	Whoa, that doesn't necessarily mean that he's breaking up with you.
1	Yeah, maybe he just cheated on you.
2	That is so great! Oh, I... (sees that a parked car near them has caught on fire) Oh my God!
2	Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. (hears the sound of approaching sirens) Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!
2	Well look, if I wanted to see a fireman, I would date one. Okay? (she drags him away)
4	Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
4	Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.
4	Well then, what is it?!
3	Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
1	Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
2	Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
1	Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
3	Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
2	Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
1	I had the same dream!
2	Yeah, and nobody slept with that Xerox girl.
1	Oh, I had the opposite dream.
3	Y'know what maybe it's gonna be okay, I mean it's been a week.
1	Yeah, I mean it's never taken me a week to get over a relationship.
0	(seeing her) Okay, let's go!! Let's hit the road!!
5	No. A break from us.
5	Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
4	(on the phone) I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
5	Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
0	How's the big anniversary dinner?
0	I don't have an atlas.
0	Oh, but wait I do have a globe.
1	So Pheebs what's this guy like?
2	Umm, well he's very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn't speak any English, but according to his translator, he totally gets me.
0	'Kay, here you go. (Hands her this tiny little globe.)
0	It's a globe and, a pencil sharpener.
3	(entering) Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
3	Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of.
0	Well, if you don't have anything to copy, why are you going down there?
1	Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
2	Hey Leslie, how'd you know I'd be here?
3	(to Ross) All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
1	(to Leslie) So ah, Phoebe tells us you write jingles.
2	Actually I said she abandoned me to write jingles.
1	(to Leslie) Ah, anything we might of heard of?
2	Okay. No. But thanks.
1	(to Phoebe) Wow, that was kinda brutal.
0	(removes them) That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
0	It's good to see you too.
0	You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
0	Oh, um, I don't know if that's a good idea.
0	No, I just I think that it's too soon.
4	What are you doing?
3	Making chocolate milk. Do you want some?
5	(looking at her watch) Oh my God, I gotta go to work!
5	(running in from her bedroom, wearing only a towel) Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these shoes?
3	Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
4	(to Chandler) It's her first day at this new job. Your not supposed to start with her!
3	All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday?
3	I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
4	Oh God. Y'know, botanists are such geeks.
3	Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie?
2	(entering, with about 20 purses hanging around her neck) Morning. Rach, I'm here with the purses!
3	(to Phoebe) It must take you forever to find your keys.
4	Yeah? What about ah, that bike messenger you hit?
2	Oh, I wasn't talking about his karma.
1	Hey-hey, check out the hat!
3	What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!!
0	Seriously, where did you get the hat?
5	Ross gave it to me.
4	Yeah, I think she looks good.
3	Buy it for ya, or win it for ya?
5	Well excuse me, my fashion-impaired friends, I am here to tell you that hats are back.
2	And this time, they've ganged up to form one giant, super hat.
5	Oh yeah, now everybody wants to be under this hat!
0	What's with all this sand? (picking a handful of sand off of the floor, which is covered in sand)
2	Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.
4	Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.
1	Okay, pick a card, any card. (Monica picks one) All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
1	All right, give it back to me. (takes the card back, but he looks at the card before he puts it back in the deck, he holds the deck to his forehead, and thinks a little while) 5 of hearts.
4	Real magic does exist.
0	Wow. Joey, (sarcastically) how do you do it?
1	I can't tell you that, no.
3	(reading the comics) Eh..., I don't, I don't know.
3	Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
5	Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
5	(to Chandler) Eh, do you believe that?
4	Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
3	Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.
4	Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.
3	I was shrieking... like a Marine.
2	Yes!! Yes!! I'm the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.
3	(entering, carrying the chick and duck) Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre?
3	Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else.
4	So it's looks like we're the first ones here.
5	Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!
5	Oh! Tommy, this is Ross. Ross, Tommy.
4	Hey. Oh, I'm sorry, this is Cailin.
5	Okay, uhh, I think I'm going to run to the ladies room.
1	So the ah, play's pretty great, huh?
1	Oh, forget about it. She rocks!
1	Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.
1	Yeah, that was real.
2	Wow! I cannot believe Mark asked you out.
2	What, so what are you gonna tell him?
3	Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
3	Well, thanks. I grow it myself. (Kathy is running her fingers through his hair, and Chandler catches himself enjoying it too much.) Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
3	What-what 'cha doin'?
3	(jumping up to answer the phone) Oh the phone! The phone's making sounds! (On phone) Hello!
1	(on phone) Hey dude, it's me.
1	Listen uh, I'm really sorry, it looks like I'm gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn't there!
1	Yeah, it must've fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
1	Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.
3	Oh yeah man. (to Kathy) Joey. (Hands her the phone.)
2	So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?
5	So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
2	No-no-no oh, keep your name, don't take his name.
0	He didn't ask me to marry him.
0	He wanted to tell me he's gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.
0	I don't know exactly. It's-it's sorta like wrestling.
0	Yeah, but without the costumes.
1	And it's not fake, it's totally brutal.
0	So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?
4	Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
0	What's fish hooking?
2	My little brother's getting married!!
3	Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
2	Yeah, isn't it fantastic?
0	Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don't you think he's a little young to get married?
4	Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
1	Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.
3	Always illegal Joe.
5	(looking at the outfit) Got a job on a river boat?
4	Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
5	Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
5	Now that you're on you're own, you're free to look as stupid as you like.
4	(to Monica) You like it right?
0	Oh absolutely. I like it even more on you than I did on Colonel Sanders. (Ross starts to leave) Ross! Ross! I'm kidding!
0	What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
5	Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
3	So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
2	Umm, oh, about three months.
3	Okay, so I guess that's about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
1	I got you something! Open it! Open it!
5	No!! No! He's not married, or involved, with anyone!
5	Well, I'll ask him for you, if you want me too?
0	Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper's a little faded, that's okay. Carpet's a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
2	Oh! Ooh! Oh Monica! It's so beautiful.
2	So, I'm here, ready to play.
2	I brought a bunch of stuff for the house, so check it out. Ha-ha. (She removes this large ceramic dog that comes up to the second floor and places it next to the house.)
2	That's a dog, every house should have a dog.
0	Not one that can pee on the roof.
2	Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
3	(holding a tissue) And is this in case the house sneezes?
2	No, no, that's the ghost for the attic.
5	Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
0	It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
4	Well, I'm gonna go get ready, (Gives Monica the fist thing.) for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
4	Wow! You-you look great!
4	(she lets him in) Okay! (to her son) Hey Tommy.
4	Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.
4	Who wants to make some long distance calls?
3	Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"
0	Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.
0	Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
5	I mean why, of all people would you want to go out with Chip?!
0	Look, you and I went to different high schools...
5	Okay, that doesn't help me, because we went to the same high school.
0	You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
5	(shocked) They had to have that specially made?!
0	It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
5	(stunned) Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!
0	Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
5	Oh, you go out with him. (goes over and hugs her)
5	Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
4	So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
1	Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
3	Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
2	(is struggling with the cat) Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
3	No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
3	Okay. (They go inside) (To the guy at the desk) I wanna quit the gym.
3	I wanna quit the gym.
3	(He turns to Ross and Ross makes a 'Be strong' sound.) I wanna quit the gym.
3	(horrified at the prospect of trying to quit alone and unsure about himself) I wanna quit the gym.
4	It's okay man, be strong. (Chandler goes into the office.)
4	No! And I'm not gonna be, so you can save you little speech.
2	You mean the - Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
3	I've got canned goods.
1	(jumping up in a hole that he is digging, he is shoulder deep) Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
3	Excellent hole, Joe.
1	Oh no! No!! My hole!!
1	(climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
0	Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!
3	Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!
0	It's like two miles!
1	Yeah, and I'm a little tired from digging the hole.
0	Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!
3	We've got to do something!
1	Well, there's really only one thing you can do.
0	What?! What is it?!
1	You're gonna have to pee on it.
3	Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
1	I totally don't know what you're talking about.
5	You are not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
5	No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.
0	Electrical plans for the building.
5	Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?
0	I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
5	Wow! If only more people knew.
3	Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
3	Well, we're really not that close. (Pause) Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
0	It's 9:30 in the morning!
3	They got a breakfast buffet.
0	Hello. (Listens) Oh, hey Ross!
3	Ooh, let me talk to him!
0	(to Chandler) Shh!! (On phone) Wait, what?
3	She's shhing me! It's my phone and she's shhing me!
2	Shhh!! Please! What's he saying?
0	He's with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!
5	What? Who the hell is Emily - (realises) noooo!!
5	They're in Vermont!! How could this happen?! (She waves her arms franticly and hits Chandler.)
5	How - how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?! (She hits Chandler again.)
3	Maybe, she doesn't hit him all the time.
4	When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
3	See, I'm not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?
5	Well, so what does he do?
3	Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
5	Your company has a fine foods division?
3	It's a big company, I don't - if you - I
2	No! No, the robots just work for them.
0	(getting up) All right, I'm gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?
1	Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!
0	You want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
1	Oh, what are you gonna do? You're gonna fire me?
0	You bet your ass, I'm gonna fire you! Thank you.
4	Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.
4	You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
0	Look, I-I'm never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
2	(on intercom) Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
0	I couldn't eat it! I had five friends who couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.
0	The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
0	All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
0	Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
0	Hand me those tomatoes, I'm gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
5	(entering Joanna's office) Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.
5	No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. (starts to break up) Now, just to brief you (starts to cry) I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
2	And a small piece of chocolate.
2	And a glass of tepid water. (She gathers up all of these things.)
5	Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
2	Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
5	I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
2	Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. (Hands her the picture, Rachel grabs it out of her hand.) Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's - uck! Hah?
5	I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
2	Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
2	So uh, now look at the picture
2	All right, and umm (She grabs the picture and smacks her in the head.)
2	Okay, how do you feel now?
3	No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
1	Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!
1	(on tape) Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
1	Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya. (He starts to leave, but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)
3	Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
1	Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
1	When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
1	Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
3	All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. (Joey looks intrigued) What?
0	I was probably waiting for it to open.
0	You look great too.
0	So how does it look?
0	Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? (He looks at her) Come on, one of us had to mention him.
0	'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
2	If you wanted to punish them, you should've just made them hang out here!
0	All right then, when I'm done with this place, it's gonna be ten times better than that place!
2	Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
3	I confronted her, and she didn't deny it! (Pause) I don't live here! (Goes back into his apartment and they all follow him.)
5	Chandler, what did she say?
3	Yes! See you and I have always been like - (motions that they think the same.)
5	Whoops. (Starts to go into Chandler and Joey's.) Oh, hey, do you need help with that?
5	Ooh, I just feel bad, I never vacuum. (She goes into Chandler and Joey's.)
5	So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
4	All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
5	(shouting) It's All Relative!!
4	You don't have to shout everything.
4	Ooh. What is the name of Chandler's father's Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
3	Unfortunately that is correct.
4	All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. (He opens up an envelope and holds up some note cards.) The Lightning Round!
4	Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
3	I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we're gonna destroy you.
3	Well, I'm so confused as to what we've been doing so far
0	How about we play for more money, say 150?
0	You're doing it again.
5	Monica, I don't want to lose 200 dollars.
0	I'm just trying to spice it up!
5	Okay, so let's play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!
1	Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)
5	Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
3	Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
2	Ooh, y'know what, I think it's time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let's go to the balcony.
2	Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back. (Leaves)
0	(to Chandler) So, did you do it?
3	Yes, yes, we had the sex.
3	It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
0	Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
5	Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree (snaps her fingers) like that.
3	Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
0	All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? (She does so and Monica starts drawing on it) All right. Now
3	Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo - whoa! She's hot!
0	Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there's more than three), five, six, and seven!
3	(shocked) There are seven?!
2	Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I'm gonna eat like, y'know millions of cows.
1	Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
1	Well, I eat a lot of meat right?
1	Well, suppose until the baby's born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you'd just be eating my animals.
2	Joey, I can't believe you would do that for me.
1	Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There's no meat in beer, right?
4	Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
0	Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
0	Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can't let - (pause), actually I kinda want to see what happens.
5	What do you get? (She throws her pom-poms to Joey and Phoebe and performs a cartwheel.) Emily!! (Tries to do another one.) Emil - Whoa!! (She falls in Chandler's room.) Okay! So that's me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum! (Gunther's the only one that claps.)
3	(entering) Hello! Little ones.
0	So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
3	Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. (They're stunned.) Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
2	Oh, how'd that happen?
3	Because I'm cooler.
3	Well she's, she's the kinda girl - Joey was unconscious.
1	(muffled by the mouth guard) Hey you guys! What's happening?
1	(muffled) Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it's gonna help me not to snore.
0	Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? 'Cause I don't think you have to wear it unless you are!
1	(takes out the mouth guard) I know I don't have too! It tastes good. (Puts it back in.)
3	Plus, you look cool.
5	(entering from her bedroom) Well, I just called Joshua
5	Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married - I'm just going through a hard time.
1	Seriously, good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them, but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
4	Don't be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it's too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
4	Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
4	No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't - you don't think there's any way?
4	No, no, don't. Why don't we?
4	No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
4	Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
1	No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
3	Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
3	It's Clint. It's Clint! (He heads for his bedroom.)
1	See you later, Gene.
1	What's up with Gene?
0	So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
5	Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
5	No, it's all right. I got nice boobs. (Phoebe and Monica nod there heads in agreement.)
4	(returning from the phone.) So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
4	So! Poetry? Susan's gay! They're being gay together!
2	Wow, Carol really messed you up!
2	Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. (They all look at her.) All right, so I don't know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
0	Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than - Ohhh! (They both realize something there.)
3	So, this isn't over?
0	(laughs) You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
3	Really? Okay. Great!
0	Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship! (She goes to kiss him.)
3	(stops her) We're in a relationship?
2	Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.
0	Yeah, I saw him waiting for an elevator.
0	Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.
5	Yeah, it's in there. (Points to the bathroom.)
3	Joey, can I talk to you for a second? (He grabs him and starts to drag Joey into Monica's room.)
1	Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!
1	Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
1	(To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
5	For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
4	Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
5	Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!
4	It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.
4	Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
5	Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
4	No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
5	Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to Hi!
4	(answering the phone.) Hello. (Listens) Hi sweetie. (Listens.) Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. (Rachel gives him a thumbs up.) So will you come to New York? (Rachel wants to know what she said, and he gives her a thumbs up and she goes over and hugs him. All the time not knowing what's going on.)
0	Never done that before.
3	So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
2	They're gonna call her Chandler.
3	That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
1	You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)
4	Well, I guess that's it.
1	What happened? What happened?
4	My marriage is over.
0	Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
5	Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
4	Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.
2	(to the squirrel) Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! (The squirrel stares at her.) All right, fine, now I get it. (To the clerk.) Here. (She hands him her coat.) You take it. (To the squirrel.) Are you happy now? I'm cold!
5	Because (laughs), because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel (laughs) was like, "You are such an idiot!"
5	(laughs) I'm sorry, that's not funny.
4	Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. (Laughs) "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?"Don't know!
5	Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
4	Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is
5	The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
4	That is what the thing is.
5	Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
4	No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
5	That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. (They hug.)
4	No thank you for Thank you.
2	Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones!
1	Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?
3	And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. (Pause) And might I say your breasts are still showing.
1	All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
0	Well actually, Ross doesn't.
3	Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
4	A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.
4	Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me.
4	When did I say you were boring?!
2	Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
1	Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
1	(laughs) You're kidding right?
1	Uh, hang out?! How long?
1	Thanks. (The grip walks away.) (Reading the card.) Congratulations on your big break.
1	(on phone from Vegas) Hey Monica, it's Joey!
4	Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest (Pauses and looks at Joey.) But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
4	I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. (Stops reading.) All right Joey, we get it. (To Chandler) I'm sorry.
1	Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
4	(reading from the script.) I am sorry, Chandler.
1	A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, (Ross) you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
3	This took you all day?!
1	No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha!
1	(Reading the scene set up.) Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
0	Hi, how are you doing Kelly?
5	I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!
5	Oh, y'know Joey, you are sick!
0	This is disgusting!
5	I'm not reading this!
1	What?! Wait-wait-wait! The handsome man was about to enter!!
4	I know. My arm is killing me.
5	No, I meant with the dropper over here. (Points at Chandler.)
4	Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.
1	No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
1	My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
4	What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
1	Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
0	All right baby, come on! (Rolls the dice) Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
3	(walking by with his luggage) See you later Mon.
0	Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
3	What does it look like? I'm going home.
0	What? Wait! Why? (He turns and heads for the door and she chases after him.) Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
0	You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
4	What happened you guys?
5	Oh thank you. Hey y'know, I'm so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.
4	Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
5	Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
5	So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
4	Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
4	Ohh, yeah I already have one.
5	Phoebe?! Wait a - but-but she just, she said that Joey was her backup.
4	Ohh, I don't think so.
5	Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!
1	Where the hell have you been?!
3	I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
1	Well he actually saw you a little bit too.
5	Noo! Oh God we did - we didn't, we didn't uhh
1	No! No! No, not after seeing that.
5	God I'm just a horrible person.
5	Because I'm married. That's right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star's apartment to have an affair! Uck!
1	That's ridiculous! I'm not a "Star,"just a regular famous actor.
5	Yeah and I'm a horrible, horrible person.
1	Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me
5	The ring from the cave, yeah.
1	Wow! Uh okay, well uh (He gets up, opens a drawer, and pulls out the ring.)
5	(seeing the ring and gasping) Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
1	Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
5	But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
4	I can't, I can't even believe her! No, y'know what, I am, I am gonna go!
5	Okay, I'll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.
4	Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
5	Well-well, I don't know Ross - really?
4	Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
4	No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
5	Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!
5	Oh, okay, we're going. Yeah.
4	Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!
5	Oh, wait-wait-wait
4	You tell them to wait!
4	Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! (Emily starts to run out and Ross chases her.) No! No! Emily!
2	No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
0	Rachel, get the book! The book!
5	Okay! (Runs and grabs a book and hands it to Monica.) Okay! Here!
1	All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
3	(to Ross) You be cool. (He opens the door and lets her in as they all turn there backs on her.)
4	Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
3	Way to be cool, man.
1	There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
4	We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
1	I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you (Chandler) didn't take it, then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We're trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey, who doesn't get it. After a short pause, with the duck still quacking, Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)
4	No, no, that-that, that's all right. Umm, I'm just glad you called.
4	Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?
4	She doesn't know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.
0	This isn't how it's supposed to go, there can't be another guy.
0	Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
4	I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
3	You put your fist through the wall?
4	No, I missed and hit the door. But, it opened really hard!
0	Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
1	Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
0	When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
4	I made fun of his accent.
0	You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
0	All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! (Points to the TV.) That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
0	Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don't let her go without a fight!
4	Oh, that is so sweet.(listens) No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three.(He doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet.) Well you didn't hang up either.
5	She didn't hang up either...
4	Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y - (Rachel grabs the phone and hangs it up for him.)
4	Rach, I got a message from you.
5	Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . (She jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.)
4	Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
4	When, when were you... under me?
5	Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
4	OK, I need to lie down.
1	He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
4	Really. It's always been you, Rach.
4	I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
5	Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.
5	Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
4	What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
1	Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
2	(entering with Rachel) and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
5	Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
1	Whoa-whoa-whoa. What ah, what happened to playing the field?
2	Well, it just, it doesn't feel like playing anymore, it feels like work. It's like I'm working in the field.
5	So Pheebs, pick one of them.
0	Yeah. Which one do you like more?
1	Okay, good, so there you go. Go with Vince.
2	Yeah, but Jason's really sensitive.
3	Well sensitive is important, pick him.
1	Oh sure, go with the sissy.
0	Let's get the show on it!
5	Okay, let me just get a cup of coffee.
0	Oh Rachel, I know the best coffee house and it's sooo close.
2	(turning around and picking a cup off of a table) Oh, hey, look, I found coffee! (handing her the cup) Okay, let's skedaddle.
5	Wait, I'm not just gonna drink somebody's old coffee.
2	Okay, your highness.
2	(in a deep voice, imitating Ross) Um, Rachel I'm really sorry. (imitating Rachel) That's okay, do you wanna get back together? (imitating Ross) Yeah, okay. (in her normal voice) Did anyone else hear that?!
5	Oh. (smiles) Here's your moisturiser. Hi!
3	Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
5	Oh, well okay. Well, there you go.
2	No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
3	Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
1	Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. (quietly) Are we talking models in their underwear?
1	(He turns around to Chandler looking for approval to go with Rachel, Chandler mouths 'Come on!') (turning back to Rachel) Ross, did ask us first, and we set that night aside.
5	Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?
3	Okay, I'm not gonna have one.
2	No, no, it's just my tooth.
3	All right I'll have one. (he and Ross take another brownie,)
4	So what's a matter, you need a dentist? I've got a good one.
2	No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can't see him.
3	See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
4	Why? Why can't you go to him?
2	Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
3	That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
4	So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
0	I was always Joanne.
1	Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood?
2	Ewww! Oh! It's the Mattress King!
3	(to Janice) Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
2	Wow, it's like a dirty math problem.
4	I'm sorry the answer there would be...none of us.
1	Well, that's really a different question.
1	Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
5	Excuse me, there was no time!
1	Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
3	Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
1	No. Y'know how we're always saying we need a place for the mail.
1	Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
3	You're building a post office?
1	No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It's a one day job, max.
3	Okay. (notices that Joey is wearing some really tight jeans) My word! Those are snug.
1	Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente's.
1	Power saw kinda got away from me there.
5	Any sign of your brother?
2	No, but he's always late.
5	Well, we never actually got to dinner.
5	No, we kinda broke up instead.
5	(looking up at the ceiling) God, Monica it's on the ceiling.
0	That's okay, this is more important than fruit (pause) (angrily) on my ceiling! You broke up?!
5	Yeah, but it's okay, because when Ross left Mark came over.
0	Rachel, you and Mark?!
5	No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
5	(on answering machine) Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
5	Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
5	And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around 8:30.
4	Chloe, Chloe how's it coming?!!
3	Yeah! You wanna come?
3	Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!
1	Uh, y'know what, we're having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we'll need a little more time to think about it.
3	(to Joey) Okay, that hurt us.
3	Well ah, ........y'know.
3	All right, rock on. (Does the 'Hang 10' sign, then hides his face in shame.)
3	No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
3	Jeez, man did you fall..(sees it's a beautiful woman coming out of the men's room) Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
3	(to Gunther) Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, (tries to get her to say her name). (to her) This is the part where you say your name.
3	Ginger. I'm talking to Ginger, so....
3	Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. (pause) Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. (knocks on the door)
1	Ah, he can't make it, he said he had to his... (sees Ginger) Whoa-oh! (hides behind the coat rack.)
5	I've got some bad news.
4	Oh sweetie, when do you think you're going to get off tonight?
5	Oh I don't know honey. It's gonna be really late.
4	Oh come on, not again.
5	I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
5	For every night that you're asleep before I get home from work...
5	I will wake you up in a way that's proved very popular in the past.
4	Now, if you need to stay late, I want to be supportive of that.
1	(to Phoebe) Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
2	Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
4	And what are you going to do for him?
2	I'm going to let him.
5	Somebody got in late last night.
0	Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
5	When did this happen?
5	(running into the living room) Thank you, thank you, thank you, Pheebs.
2	Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.
5	No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
4	Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
5	Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.
4	Mark is that ah, the same Mark that helped you get the job?
5	Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing. (to Phoebe) Is this actually a lunchbox?
2	Umm, no, it's a purse. And there's a thermos in it.
3	(to Ross) Hey, so can you make it on Friday?
4	What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?
3	Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
2	A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so cliche. Why don't you get a magician?!
3	Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
4	She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, (to Joey) he's really good looking. (Joey gives an enthusiastic thumbs up) What am I gonna do?
2	(at the door) Knock, knock, knock.
2	(entering) Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?
2	Hi Phoebe Abott, I'm your best friends daughter!
2	No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here. (hands her the picture) Lily, from high school. Remember?
2	(points to herself) Phoebe. (points to her) Phoebe. Phoebe, yeah. She named me after you I guess.
2	Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That's my Dad, that's Frank! Yeah! I'm sorry I'm getting all flingy.
2	No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.
2	(goes and gets some cookies) Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
2	(disappointed) Oh, okay. Well, so tell me everything about my parents. Everything.
2	Oh, what? What was it?
4	Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.
5	Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.
0	He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
2	Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
0	I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
2	Ooh, that is silly. (gets up) I'll go up there, I'll tell him to keep it down.
0	All right, be my guest.
1	All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion)
2	(muffled through the floor) Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... (I tired but the rest is unintelligible).
3	(entering) Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
0	Honey, what's the matter?
3	I just saw Janice.
3	Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
1	Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
4	All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. (swings the racquet) Precision. (swings the racquet.) and penache. (does a backswing and hits Sarah who's started up the stairs, knocking her down, they both watch in horror.)
0	You broke a little girl's leg?!!
4	I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
4	Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
5	I'm gonna get back to retraining. (gets up)
4	All right, see you guys. (starts to leave)
3	Look out kids, he's coming! (Ross continues to leave with his head down in shame.)
1	And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.
2	Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.
1	What? Me having a job?
2	No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. (to Joey) Hey, how do you sleep at night?
1	Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
3	Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
5	Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there. (points to the counter.)
4	Okay. (The girls leave.) (to Tommy) So uh, well, this-this is uh, this is awkward.
4	Well y'know 'cause Rachel and I used to go out.
4	Okay. (sees two people sitting in their seats.) Uh, huh. Excuse me, I'm sorry, I-I think you may be in our seats.
4	(looking at ticket) Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh
1	So, so, what'd ya think?
3	Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
1	I-I wasn't in that.
1	(sees Kate) Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
5	Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.
5	I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. (Hearing this Gunther swoops back to cleaning tables.) Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
2	Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
5	I don't have any issues with my Father.
2	Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.
1	I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
4	So Rachel called. Wants to see me. Going over in a minute.
1	Wow, what-what do you think she wants?
4	Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
3	It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. (Ross glares at him) I was just trying to be supportive.
4	Then be supportive like a guy.
3	(in a deep voice) If I broke up with you, I'd miss you.
4	You ah, wanted to see me?
3	No-no-no-no, this is bad! It's bad! This is bad!
3	Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
3	Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here's what we do, we-we forget it happened.
3	Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we're unhappy forever. Sound good?
3	I have to; he's my best friend, and you're seeing him.
3	(interrupting) Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.
4	Huh, what's fish hooking... (Joey sticks his finger in Ross's mouth and pulls on his cheek, y'know like when you hook a fish.) (to Joey, sarcastic) Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
1	What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
3	Oh it's Bing, sir. I'm sorry , I was just ah...
4	(on phone) That's right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. (listens) Thank you. (hangs up) (to the gang) Yeah, we have the reservations.
3	All right buddy, way to go! (smacks him on the butt)
4	(stunned) Dude, what are you doing?
3	Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
2	Yeesh, what'd you do about it?
3	Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
0	I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
1	Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns. (pats Ross on the butt)
2	Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
0	So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
3	If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
4	And so now you guys are gonna be married?
2	Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
2	Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
0	And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
3	Okay. (He opens it and it's a baby chick) It's a chicken.
2	Whoa-whoa-whoa, you guys, do you know anything about chicks?
3	Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
2	Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot's and lot's of love.
1	Oh, well no problem there. (He picks up the chick, hugs it really tight, and talks to it like it's a little baby.)
0	Okay. Here's the thing.
0	I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
0	I don't want a ghost.
2	Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
4	Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
2	Okay, obviously you don't know much about the U.S. government.
5	I need to talk to you!
5	Oh, sorry. I meant Chandler.
4	I-I know. Well if something comes up... (walks away)
3	Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
5	Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
3	Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
5	(looks at him) That was (pause) surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
3	Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I'll do it.
5	Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
2	(holding a dinosaur) Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! (the dinosaur starts attacking the house. She starts to bark like a dog.) Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
0	Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
4	Her date tipped me ten dollars. (Monica laughs)
4	Pheebs, what are you doing?
2	Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
0	Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
3	(entering) Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
2	Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
3	I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. (he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one) No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
0	(sneezes) Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
2	You mean you stole it! (Monica sneezes again) Don't cover your mouth when you do that!
1	Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
3	99...100! Ready or not, here I come! (He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him) All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
1	Hey guys. (to Chandler) Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?
4	So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
2	Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. (to the cat, in a funny voice) Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. (gets up) Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
0	Why can't you use the phone in here?
2	Well, I'm returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word. (goes into Monica's room)
4	Come on, you-you can't tell me you actually believe that-that there's a woman inside that cat!
4	No you do - y'know what, you're not gonna suck me into this.
5	Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.
4	I do not always have to be - okay, okay. (starts to leave)
3	You'll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
3	Y'know, I, I really don't think we need a canoe.
3	All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
2	Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y'know, real (lifts up the towel) nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
1	Please don't kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn't there fault, it was mine.
1	No you can't do that, where would the chick and the duck live?
1	Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. I'm the chick and Chandler is the duck.
1	Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I'll do whatever you want.
1	Yeah-yeah, absolutely.
1	That's not, prison lingo, is it?
0	His dancing partner?!
1	Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
5	Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
1	If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
2	Well, I'm ready to get the hell out of here! (Sees Ross and Rachel cuddling on the couch.) Oh. Are you? Are you?!! (they nod 'Yes.') Ohh! That's so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. (they nod 'No.') But for you, yay! Ohh.
0	Nothing, I don't know.
0	Nothing. I'm gonna take a shower.
2	Okay, I'm gonna put this (her suitcase) in the car.
5	Ooh, I have to go pack. (Gets up to do so.) It really does?
4	It does. It really and truly does.
4	Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, (reading from the letter) "If you accept full responsibility..."(to Chandler and Joey) Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. (yells at Joey) Does it?!!"
3	Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
4	(calming down) Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
3	Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. (Hands her the sign that says, Wait Here.") (To the ticket agent) Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
3	Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
3	What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
3	No. All right, y'know what, she's (Points to Janice) gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
2	No offence but, y'know sometimes it's hard to understand you, y'know with the accent, so
4	Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!
4	(to Emily) Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?
4	Thanks. (When she's gone he collapses into Joey.) I-I think I'm dying. I really do.
4	(to Phoebe) Tell my son that I love him. (Emily returns with the water.) Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
4	I've gotta go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard! (He hangs up and runs out.)
0	He had to go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.
5	I don't get this! She was horrible! (She hits Chandler, yet again.)
3	Okay, I'm going to go stand over there. (Points and moves into the living room.)
0	Why do you care so much anyway?
5	I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that - y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
0	Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
3	So y'know, uh, when's he getting back?
3	Y'know, I knew something like this was going to happen. (He starts to take off his pants, revealing that he is still wearing his sweat pants.)
0	What are you doing?! Chandler! You can't just go back a phase!
3	Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time.
2	Well, look, why don't you just, why don't you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
0	Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
2	Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
3	You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long. (Starts to go to his bedroom)
2	If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
4	Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was - if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
2	Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
1	(checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
1	Hey, what happened to your fancy chef's jacket? (sees there's a burn spot on it)
0	They baked it. I can't take this anymore. I'm gonna call a meeting tonight, I'm gonna fire you tonight.
1	You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot, which just happens to be over her breast.)
0	What are you doing?!
1	It's still a tiny bit on fire there.
5	There's nobody here!
5	Do you want me to quit?
5	Said what? Exactly.
5	Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I'm leaving! You are just a horrible person!
5	Say more things like that.
3	That's That's was
1	That's Fergie baby!!
3	How did you? How? How?
1	Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and (Ross enters) Hey!
4	Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
3	I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
4	Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
4	I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
0	Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
0	Oh. Big family dinner tonight?
0	(sympathetic) Oh. (in a pirate's voice) So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?
4	He's coming here for Thanksgiving!
5	Because it's Richard's son! It's like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
0	Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don't you?
2	Yeah, I can see where I'd be your best shot but, no. I'm sorry, but I think it's twisted.
0	Me going out with Richard's son.
2	Why don't you ask him out?
1	Oh, yeah, totally! That's such a turn-on!
5	Really? It doesn't seem desperate?
1	Oh-ooh, that's the turn-on.
2	He just got a divorce right?
2	So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
5	Yeah but, I've never asked a guy out before.
2	(shocked) You've never asked a guy out?!!
2	Thousands of times!! That doesn't make me sound too good does it?
5	I don't even know how I would go about it.
1	Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
1	(to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin'?
2	I've never done that.
5	Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
1	Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
0	I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
5	Oooohh that's interesting.
1	Hey, no way, that rooster's family!
5	Throw in the duck too!
1	What do you have against the duck?! He doesn't make any noise!
5	Well, he gets the other one all riled up.
1	Look, we are not gonna
3	(interrupting) All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
1	(shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
3	But if we win, we get your apartment.
5	Monica, betting the apartment, I don't know about this.
0	Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. (Holds up her hand.)
5	Why? Do you have the answers written on there?
0	No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
5	Let me see that. (Monica shows her) Oh, yeah.
0	It's kind of an important one!
3	Oh, y'know-y'know what, I was looking at it upside down.
5	Well, y'know, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that could've meant.)
0	(continuing) Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
3	Well you might if it were anything like 7!
0	All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
5	Oo, toes!! Well, for some people. (Chandler eyes her and her toes.)
0	All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, 7.. 7 7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7 (mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.)
4	Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
1	(standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)
4	Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!"Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. (He takes off his coat and throws it down.) I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
5	I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm just losing a tooth, it's no big deal. I have a dentist! Y'know. I'm gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. (She goes over to the ice and Joey and Monica follow her.) What do I do now? What do I do now?
0	I think you're done.
1	Okay, time to take off the bra. (She glares at him.)
1	(trying not to be obvious) Take the bra off.
5	All right, come on, let's go get your coat.
5	Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.
5	Ughhhh!! Forget it! (Sits down heavily on the bed.) This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.
5	Can you not look at me when I say this? (He turns around) I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
0	Ohh, sweetie! (Goes to comfort her.) Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
5	Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
5	And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
5	Well, yeah, y'know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
0	Again. Y'know what? I think we all did.
4	So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie's at 9 o'clock?
5	Yeah, well, you uh, better make it for three.
4	Oh, see I-I don't know if we're gonna be hungry at three.
5	Three people. Joshua's not gonna be there.
4	Is that - are you saying yes? Is that yes?
4	Yes! We're getting married?!
4	Come here, come here. Uh, (He takes the earring out.) ow! Emily, will you marry me?
4	Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
3	Those were like the best seats ever.
1	Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
3	Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
1	Hey, want a beer? (Hands him a beer and sits down in one of the chairs.) (Jumping up.) WHOA!!!!
3	Open up! Open up! Open up!
0	We'll discuss it, in the morning! (Slams the door shut.)
3	What the hell is going on?!
5	We took our apartment back!! (Slams the door shut.)
4	Look, I don't know what you're talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
5	She's totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
0	This totally makes sense!
2	All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
5	Absolutely! Absolutely!
0	This is so much fun!
0	Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
2	Yeah. The '92 Ross wouldn't.
4	Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
3	(entering) Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
1	Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
3	All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
2	You're actually going through with this?
0	Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
3	It happened in London.
3	The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
1	But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
3	No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
0	Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
0	I know, it's great!
1	Aww, I don't want to see that!
2	We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
2	The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
0	Oh my God! You're water broke!
2	All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! (She starts out the door.)
3	Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
4	Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now.
5	High-five, the babies are coming! (They all high-five.)
2	Wait, wait, remember when my water broke? (They all high-five again.)
0	I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
3	I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.
3	Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
0	Do you know anything about women?
0	Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!
1	Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!
0	Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
1	Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
1	(to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
5	What?!! Stop it! Stop it! Oh my God!
0	Okay! Okay! Okay! (She succeeds in getting the eye drops in and everyone climbs off of Rachel.) We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.
3	Come on! I was there! (He's propped up with his hand on a statute of a naked guy. He winces and pulls his hand away.) I know he's the love of your life.
0	Really! (They hug and kiss) All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary. (She picks up his suitcase.) Okay, this is empty.
3	Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.
1	(entering) Uhh, hey. Where's the other guy?
1	He's kinda tall, dark hair, hand looks exactly like this. (Holds up his hand.) See?
1	Okay! (Walks away, then turns back.) How you doin'?
5	What?! What else did he say?
4	Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So (Rachel stares at him.) Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
4	Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
5	Ross, I am a human doodle!!
5	Okay, I need a, I need a drink! (Makes a beeline for the mini-bar.)
4	Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. (Rachel glares at him.) But who cares?! Because it's all on me! (Rachel reaches into the fridge and pulls out two handfuls of those mini booze bottles.) (Watching her.) That is, one big drink!
1	Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
1	Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these (lifts a leg) damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
1	I know! They suck!!
3	He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
3	Well what Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! (Pause) Will you help me?!
3	Okay. (Starts running for the bedroom) I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring! (Does so) I'm gonna go find her and (starts running for the door) I'm just going to propose!
1	Let me know about that coconut phone, it might great for the boat.
0	I don't know why I'm here.
0	(entering) Chandler is such an idiot!
0	Yeah, I'll have a scotch
0	(moving over to the couch) Still smoking cigars?
1	Look, do you want the ring or not?!
4	Look at you! You're up!
2	I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
1	Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
2	No. I've learned my lesson.
2	Let's go! Come on! Move it! (Grabs her coat.) Come on! (To an old man who's holding her shoes and briefcase.) Shoes! Briefcase! (Takes them both.) Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder. (She leaves.)
4	Hey Joe did Did you ever have a threesome?
1	(not quite sure of how to answer that) Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol's great and I'm sure you're a very attractive man, but I .
4	No! The reason I'm asking is that I sorta had one last night.
1	All right! So, was it amazing?
4	It was, it was okay.
1	Just okay - Did you do it right?!
1	Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
4	It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
5	Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross's seat.) he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! (Looks out the window.) Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. (Realizes that that's not how it works.) Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? (Sits back in defeat.) Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
5	I still don't get how you know when it's false labour.
2	Okay, I guess. I mean I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
5	Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
2	I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
2	Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
0	Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
5	No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
0	I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
5	And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!
2	Cool Aunt Phoebe. I am pretty cool!
5	And y'know what else, oh my God, are they gonna love you.
2	They are gonna love me.
2	Thanks you guys! Again.
4	All right. All right, I'm gonna do it!
4	I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
2	Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
0	That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
5	Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised
2	I'm telling it! I'm telling it!
2	Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
3	A place where no one will ever get out alive?
2	No! Think about it, it's a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it's
2	The name was my favourite part!
4	Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
4	Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
4	What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
5	Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know.
5	I just, I feel, I-I just...
4	(starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)
0	You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
4	You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
0	Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
3	Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
1	Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
4	Y'know what? I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
4	OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
2	Jason is not a sissy!
1	Oh no-no-no-no, I meant Chandler.
4	Y'know I have dinner plans!!
0	Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! (the lights turn on automatically, but are very bright) Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! (they dim) Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
4	Yes, and the dimmer switch.
1	Whoa! For a rich guy he's got, that's a pretty small TV.
3	(sitting down on the couch) I-kea! This is comfortable.
5	(entering with Phoebe) This place is amazing.
2	God, that is the nicest kitchen.
2	No! But it's the nicest kitchen, the refrigerator told me to have a great day.
1	Look at this! A millionaire's checkbook.
0	Joey, put that down! (the phone rings) Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone! (steps in front of it, and automatically answers it)
0	I guess that's how.
5	No, hey, come on, if he asked you first, that's only fair. (leaves)
2	Ohhh boy, do I feel bad.
2	Chandler what are you doing?!
1	You're smoking again?!
3	Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
2	Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
3	Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
3	Yeahhh. I'm tellin' ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
3	Oh that's great, with my luck, that's gonna be him.
5	Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
2	Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
5	And all these people actually died?
2	Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
4	Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
2	Well tell that to them. Oh! You can't, their dead.
4	Thanks, Gunther. (takes the plate Gunther serves him and Rachel comes up and kisses him) (to Rachel) Hey! (to Gunther) Umm, can I get a napkin too?
2	(trying to bite into an apple) Ow! Ow! (drops the apple in disgust.)
5	Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
2	All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
2	Although, don't feel like you can't visit.
1	(entering with Monica) Hey, is, is, is Chandler here?
0	You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
0	I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. (they all stare at her) And I'm appalled for you by the way.
5	'Okay. (listens) Okay, daddy we'll see you tomorrow night. (listens) Okay bye-bye.' (hangs up)
5	Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
4	Oh shoot, tomorrow's not so good, I'm supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
5	Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
4	Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
5	But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. (Ross looks at her) All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
3	See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
2	Yeah, I can't say croissant. (realises) Oh my God!
1	Well, it's not a part, no. I'm teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
4	Come on! That's great.
1	Yeah, yeah. It's like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
5	Does anybody need more coffee?
4	Yeah, I'll take some.
1	Hey, there's a dog out there!
2	Oh, that is so unfortunate.
2	Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
0	(entering from bedroom) Okay, I'll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
2	You didn't leave lipstick marks on the phone.
0	Oh, then it must've been you. Bye. (leaves)
2	(angrily) Bye-bye! (to Ross) That's why I moved out.
4	Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
2	I think on some levels she already knows.
4	Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
2	Okay, well maybe not on those levels.
3	I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
5	I thought you only met him once?
2	Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'
5	Well relax, he'll be here.
2	No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
5	Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing. (takes her cup and goes back inside)
4	Umm, oh, hey, I don't know. How about a big one?
4	Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
4	You, you sure you need shoes? (Chloe nods her head) Okay. (reaches down and picks up a shoe)
4	Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? (He's frantically throwing the cushions off of the couch looking for her other shoe) Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
4	Yes, yes I am, one of the many things I'm feeling. Well.... (picks up her coat)
4	Oh, thank you. (She goes to kiss him, but he holds her coat up between their faces to stop her.) Hey, hey. (opens the door, sees Rachel, and hides Chloe behind the door) Rachel!!!!
5	Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
4	Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
5	So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
2	Oh, oh! It's on again!
1	You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
1	(on tv) Oh, you said it Mike. (rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
1	Can we please turn this off?
4	(to Chandler) Are you intrigued?
3	You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
1	(on TV, finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday.
3	Well, it's official there are no good movies.
3	(going to the bedroom) See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed.
0	Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.
4	Where'd you get fruit at four in the morning?
0	Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.
5	I didn't know there were docks.
1	No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks. (points to the sling he is wearing)
2	Hey, it's your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.
0	Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in concentric circles.
2	Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. (just as she sits down).
1	Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
5	Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
2	Oh, can I play too? I've never played football, like ever.
1	Great, you can cover Chandler.
3	No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
1	Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
2	Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. (Mischa does so and Sergei kisses her hand.) Nice, (to Mischa) thank you. This is me. Here.
2	(to Mischa) Thank you, very much! Oh! (to Sergei) Thank you!
2	(to Mischa) Okay, y'know what, you don't have to do that now. (Mischa translates that to Sergei) No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don't! (Mischa tells Sergei he can proceed and steps away) Well the moment's over.
2	(pointing to the globe) See there it is right there.
2	Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
0	So you had fun, huh?
2	Yeah. Except for, y'know when you're on a date and you're getting along really great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way.
4	What is ah, Rach in her room?
0	Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
4	Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
0	All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. (holds up a notepad) Call Rachel.
4	What's that on the bottom?
5	I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
4	Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
4	(to Rachel) But work comes first! (to Mark) Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
5	Nooo, he's leaving for a better job.
4	Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? (picks a pad up off Rachel's desk and tosses it into his box) Good bye.
5	Well we're gonna miss you around here.
0	Y'know those are a delicacy in India.
2	Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
0	Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
2	Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
0	Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
2	Oh, there's no such thing as an innocent burger.
4	So, are you gonna see him again?
5	Monica, what are you doing?
3	Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
0	It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
1	Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you'll probably be hungry after the sex.
0	We're not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing's changed here. He still doesn't want children and I still do, so that's why we're just gonna be friends.
5	Do you have any ice?
1	Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
1	I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
1	Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.
5	But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?
5	How often do you read it?
3	Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! (pause) Don't cry outloud.
1	(hanging up the phone) Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?
3	I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.
4	Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.
4	Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.
3	I'll get you the Cliff Notes.
1	Oh, okay. (to Ross) The what?
5	Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
5	Oh!! I love this job! (her phone rings) Wow! My first call.
2	(happily) Yeah, no, it was great.
1	(getting an idea) Hey, y'know what a really good rainy day game is?
1	I mean naked game. Strip poker, we should totally play strip poker.
0	What are you crazy?!
1	Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it's like a law!
5	Okay, who's next?! (She looks around the room, and stops when she comes to Ross.)
5	Come on, please?! I'm boredddd! You let me do it once before.
4	Yeah well, if ah, if that's the rule this weekend... (She gets up) No!
5	Take it like a man, Ross!
4	(he gets up and starts to run away from her) No! (in his escape attempt he crushes Chandler's sand castle) No!
4	Ow! Ow! Oh, no-no-no!
2	Oh, so, how are we doing?
3	Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
1	Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....
4	Hey Chandler, there's a party tomorrow, you'll feel better then.
3	Oh, y'know what, I'm gonna be okay, you don't have to throw a party for me.
0	It's Joey's birthday.
3	Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.
0	Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.
3	Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
5	(jumping up from reading her magazine) Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan.
5	Oh, that sounds great.
5	Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much.
5	Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.
0	I know honey, I'm sorry.
5	Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
5	Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry. (walks away)
4	So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
4	Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
4	I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
4	Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
3	So that's the girl you like.
4	(drags Chandler over to buffet table) I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
1	Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate's understudy, Lauren.
5	Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
0	Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
1	Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
1	No, they-they weren't in the play.
5	Yeah. Ahh, here's a box of your stuff. (hands him a box)
5	Oh, y'know, it's just like hats, and a shirt, and CD's, just sort of stuff that you've left here.
4	What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
5	No. Ross, it, it just seems that y'know it's time we-we y'know, move on. I mean, I mean don't' you think?
4	Yeah, I-I really do. (takes a dinosaur mug out of the box) Hey! This-this was a gift?!
5	Ross, you got that for free from the museum gift shop.
5	Okay, all right, give me the mug! I'll keep the mug.
4	No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, (picks up a book) Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
5	You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
4	I'm just trying to help you, move on.
5	Oh, you are a petty man. You are a petty, petty....
5	You are so just doing this out of spite.
4	Awwwahuh, no, no, no!!
3	I-I think we have too.
3	Bye. (Kathy leaves and Chandler wonders over to and leans up against the door.) Are you still out there?
4	(His voice is altered to sound like a computer.) Electrifying. (He plays the sound of a ticking clock.) Emphatic time-time-time
2	(pushing Monica back onto the couch) It's so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!
4	(with the altered voice) Thank you guys-guys-guys
0	(to Phoebe) Hey, aren't you up next?
2	Oh no, I'm not playing tonight.
0	Phoebe, Ross sucks!
5	Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.
2	Oh my God, he's not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
5	Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
3	Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between 'em.
0	Okay, can we please go eat?
1	Yeah. What are we getting?
0	(to Chandler) Anything but stew.
4	All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
1	Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. (thinking aloud) Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
3	(to Ross and Monica) What if Joey were president?
2	Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something?
2	Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
2	Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
5	Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
0	(to a customer) Pete, can I get you something else?
0	Haven't you and I covered that topic?
0	Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
5	(laughs) Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
0	I mean really, think about it.
2	No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, (walks behind them, they turn around in the leather chairs to face her) y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
4	Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
2	No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
1	Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
2	But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, (she walks behind them again, and hey again turn to follow her) and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
1	Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
4	Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
0	Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
0	Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! (she rolls over and kisses him on the cheek) All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
0	Okay. (she gets ready to go) Can you give me a little push?
0	(rolling towards the office) I'm quitting!! Woo-hoo! (She rolls through a doorway and out of sight. We then hear a big crash, and see Monica roll past the door the other way.) I'm okay!! I'm all right!!
2	(to Pete) Wow! That's exciting, you went to Japan, made up a woman.
2	I'm just saying, this woman, I mean she's fictitious. No?
2	'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
2	Yeah, no, I'm fairly intuitive and psychic. It's a substantial gift.
2	Absolutely, oh I promise. Tell her what?
2	Okay, (starts to pack up her stuff) fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
4	Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
2	The little ones do.
1	Listen, I ah, went to that restaurant that you were talking about last week...
1	(to himself) And I ate the food, I had the fish, it was good, yeah. It was good, yeah...
1	Oh, hey! Joey Tribbiani.
1	Get out of here, really?!
1	They gave me the shaft all right.
3	Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.
3	Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
1	Okay, I see what's going on here.
1	Yeah! You don't like Kathy.
1	Good, and hey! My treat. (He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.) But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?
5	Yeah! (Monica gives a sarcastic thumbs up) (Josh leaves) I am soo gonna marry that guy. (looking in her wallet) Ohhh!
5	I think he's stealing from me.
5	Because he's stealing from me!
2	(entering) Hi! It's me. And soup. (to Rachel) Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
2	(to Monica) Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
5	(entering) You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! (She's holding a flyer.) Look kinda familiar?
4	(taking the flyer) Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name Julio.
5	You guys, there's a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
1	(looking at the flyer) Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward, split five ways!!
5	Do we have to tell her?
4	Yes, we have to tell her!
0	Oh, but it's made her so happy.
4	(holds up a hand) Little girl misses her cat. (hold up the other hand) Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. (gets up) Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
0	He is right, isn't he?
3	Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he's wrong.
2	(entering, with Julio) Hi. (sits down in the chair)
1	Uh, Pheebs, about your mom...
1	(pause) How's that going?
1	Well, he's too shy, he doesn't thing he's good enough to dance with girls yet.
5	Yeah, right, he almost danced me right down that garbage chute. (Starts to cry)
0	Oh, would you let it go already?! You're fine!
5	Hey! So, did you quit?
3	No, I almost did, couldn't leave Ross there without a spotter!
0	Wait, now so you joined the gym?
4	And that's funny, why?
5	Oh, umm, I was just y'know working out and umm Oh, that's it.
3	We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
4	Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
1	Aww, man, now we won't be bank buddies!
3	Now, there's two reasons.
2	Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
1	Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, (to Chandler) ever talk about.
4	What the hell happened on that beach?!
1	It's between us and the sea, Ross!
2	Okay, well umm, I know that we haven't talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
2	There-there was a suicide note?! (Ursula nods 'Yes.') Well, do you still have it?
2	I can't believe you didn't tell me there was a suicide note!
2	(reading from the note) "Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I'll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk."You just wrote this!
2	She's right! You have to stop!
4	What? No! No, I'm not stopping. I'm Red Ross!
1	Dude, if you go back out there, you're gonna be Dead Ross!
4	I don't care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!
4	No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
4	All right, bad ankle, got it!
4	Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
2	Y'know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
1	(rushing in) Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I'm here! I'm here!
1	Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!
1	(trying to act like he's not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
1	Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
1	No-no, it's uh, it's Heston.
1	Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
1	Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
0	(coming back to the stage and sitting next to Chandler) Okay, I've got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?
2	Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, 'cause I'm pregnant.
2	Ha-ha, it's not my baby, ha-ha-ha! (He leaves.)
0	Very good, (getting up and sliding a One into the dancer's hot pants) so good.
2	(doing the same) I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.
5	(joining them) Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
0	Thanks. (Joey's still patting the burn spot) I think you got it!
5	(entering) Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!
3	Well, like father, like son.
5	Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
3	Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
5	Well, y'know, possibly. (pause) You didn't tell him that, though? Right?
5	You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don't tell the guy that!
3	Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get - oh I see.
5	Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date - oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
0	Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
1	Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
1	(opening an envelope) There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
0	Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag - Why is nobody writing these down?
5	I'd need an expense account.
1	Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you'd be out partying with Gandel-worf.
4	It's Gandolf, and he's not coming.
1	So you've been sittin' around here all mornin'?
4	No! I balanced my checkbook.
3	Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
4	I can't believe he didn't come!
1	So what if he didn't come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
4	Yeah! We'd meet, we'd meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
1	Well, we could do that!
4	There's other stuff too.
1	We'll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
4	I don't know. A month?
0	Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
4	I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
4	Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
3	That was pretty intense huh?
1	Yeah. (Pause) Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
1	(on phone) Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
2	Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the - that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
1	That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
1	Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
2	So you're not homesick yet?
1	Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
3	(He is now in the box, in their living room.) Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
5	Is he okay in there?
4	Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
0	Fine! Judge all you want to but, (points to Ross) married a lesbian, (points to Rachel) left a man at the altar, (points to Phoebe) fell in love with a gay ice dancer, (points to Joey) threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, (points to Chandler) livin' in a box!! (goes to her room)
5	So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
3	The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!
4	(to Rachel) Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
4	I just wanna check something.
4	(He puts his hand over the hole on the box.) (to Chandler) Now, we'll see.
3	Air hole! Air hole!! (Ross retracts his hand quickly.)
5	(coming out of her bedroom with a necklace) Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.
4	(grabbing the necklace) The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.
5	Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.
4	Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
5	Really?! You think that will work?
1	Absolutely! And if it doesn't, can I get the extra ticket?
1	What the heck is that?
3	All right, maybe I should call her.
1	No! Forget her, man! You don't need her, you don't need that!
4	He's right, what she did was unforgivable.
3	Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
4	How might you be wrong?
3	Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy?
1	Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
3	She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
4	That's all you're basing this on?
3	That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
1	Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
5	All right, let's do it.
4	All right, gentlemen, you're up first.
4	You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins - stop it (Chandler stops jumping) - now. What was Monica's nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
4	Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
4	Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
4	Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
4	11, unbelievable 11 is correct. (The guys celebrate.) All right, that's 4 for the guys. Ladies, you're up.
4	30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins now! What is Joey's favorite food?
1	(stands up, and throws his coat on the floor) I'm Joey! I'm an actor! I don't know squat about dinosaurs!
4	All right, there you go!
1	Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!
4	Okay, good-good for you.
2	My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes - no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
0	Y'know, I never saw that.
5	Ooh, it was only okay.
2	Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em - a kidney!
5	Well, I'm sorry, I thought you needed them!
5	Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
5	Oh no-no-no don't say but! No-no, but's never good! Let's just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
5	Oh, now see that's a fancy but.
5	Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
4	That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so
5	Oh, Ross, I'm sorry. I completely ruined your evening.
5	Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
5	Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
5	Uh, well, I think, I think he broke up with me.
5	Well, apparently he scares easy.
4	Oh, Rachel, I'm-I'm sorry.
5	It's okay. Sometimes, things don't work out the way you'd thought they would.
5	(breaking the hug) Oh, hey, don't you have to go pick up Emily?
5	Yeah! I got my girls.
2	(looks at Monica) Hey, y'know what might cheer you up?
5	Y'know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.
0	Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. (Pause) Maybe someday, there will be.
0	Oh God! He's gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
0	No-no, Rachel, don't get it! He can't see us!
2	No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
2	(opening the door) I had nothing to do with it. (Closes the door.) (Opens the door.) Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
3	We are switching back, right now!
0	No, we're not! We're not leaving!
3	Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
1	I don't want to move again!
3	I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole - you stole it - our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
5	All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
3	Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
5	Let us keep the apartment and
0	As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
1	That was one good minute!
0	Men are such idiots.
5	Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
2	That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
0	Yeah, let-let-let's pretend that's not true.
2	Okay, scarf's done. (It's not really a scarf, it's just a bunch of yarn that Phoebe has tied together. Just then, Ross and Emily enter dragging with them Joey and Chandler.)
3	Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
2	You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact - yes, (To Joey) I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
2	Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!
3	You wanna hug it out?
2	Yay - oh - yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
4	Oh, I missed you too.
4	(To Carol) No tongue. (And gives her the thumbs up.)
0	Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
0	Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!
1	I think I'm gonna take-off.
0	Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! (They all leave and close the door on Monica.) Ohhh! (Throws her notepad down in disgust.)
4	(looking at the price list) Umm Wow! That's-that's some pricey nut!
4	Really like those Macadamia nuts, huh?
2	(seeing her) Get out of here you lurker! (She doesn't move) Go on! Get! (She throws a quarter at her.)
0	Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
3	Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. (They start kissing.)
1	Oh-oh-oh, yeah! (He grabs some towels and takes them to him.) That's right, you take good care of those babies!
1	(following him) But you haven't even heard the chorus!
5	Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
4	(gets up) All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! (He grabs a deck of cards and pulls up a chair.) All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. (Deals the cards.) 13.
4	(does so) Oohh, 23. (Rachel looks at him.) Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars! (Holds out a ten.)
0	(shaking the dice) A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man! (Rolls the dice.) Yes!
0	No that's, that's okay.
0	Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
0	Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don't like my new eye doctor.
0	But getting over was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.
5	Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two backups!
2	Of course I can! It's just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I've already lost Chandler!
1	Phoebe! We're both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!
4	Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!
2	I don't - Look I don't know what you're complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation!
2	Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we're married!
5	Phoebe you can't have both of them! You have to pick one!
4	No! Pick me! I don't want to end up an old maid!
2	All right well let's see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat - This is hard!
1	But you got to be with both of them, right?
4	Not-not really. Th-th-there was just Carol.
4	No, she kept kicking me away!
1	Yeah, you don't want that.
1	Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right?
1	You got a little bored?
4	A little. Yeah. I made a snack.
1	Yeah? What did ya have?
4	Just a sandwich. Turkey, a little mustard
3	Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
0	Hey, check me out, I'm a slut!
3	So you uh, want to do something tonight?
0	Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
2	You're the best. Thanks. Oh!
2	Got cha again, you guys are so easy.
1	If anything should happen to him
4	Joey! The vet said it's a simple procedure.
1	So! Things can go wrong! You don't know! What if he doesn't make it?!
1	Yeah, but what if he doesn't? He's such a good duck.
1	I'm so worried about him, y'know?
4	Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much! (He grabs the ring, kisses it, and then does a double-take realising where it's been.)
1	H-h-h-how's the duck?
1	Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
4	No, that's all right.
1	No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
5	Well, well I can up with it!
0	Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
4	No, because she hasn't come home yet. And she hasn't been home all night! She's obviously staying with that other guy, and I'm the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
0	All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
0	Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn't show up by then, then just come on home.
2	Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that's better than Relaxi Cab.
5	Okay, it's not Relaxi Cab. It's Relaxicab, like taxicab.
2	Oh, that is better.
0	What are you doing here? You can't be here!
0	(to Ross) I can't believe you did that.
2	See, he's her lobster.
0	(seeing the decision) Nooooo. You're really not going?
5	Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
0	You don't have a car. And your license expired.
5	I know. (Starts to cry) Yeah, see, there's so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.
3	All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there's a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! (Reading from the book.) "It's almost as good as being there."
1	It's better! You can't go to a museum in your underwear!
0	Oh it's umm, good! It's umm, it's good, just here watering the plants.
5	(standing up) Ahh... Chandler's on the couch!!
0	Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
0	Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
0	Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
0	Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
3	So, what do you thing the good news is?
1	(looking at the checkbook) Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. (Monica is stunned) Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
3	Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism. (answers the door and it's Rachel again.)
5	Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
5	Chandler! You're smoking? What are you doing?!
3	Hey, shut up!! You're not my real Mom!!
1	(obviously cold) Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
2	Wait. Really?! 'Cause mine get me out of tickets.
4	Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
3	Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
4	Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? (in an Irish accent) Two days of darts, it'll be great!
1	It'll be great for next weekend.
4	No, no, no, this weekend guys!
1	It'll be great for next weekend. I mean, (in an Irish accent) it'll be grrreat.
4	What? (to Joey) So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
1	Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.
5	Joey, you can't keep this to yourself, if you know about this, you have to tell him.
1	It'll kill him. I mean it'll, it'll just kill him.
2	Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um...... (starts to cry and runs out)
4	Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
4	Well, they painted over the word 'Sapien' for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let's just leave it at that.
0	So, do you want me to watch Ben for you?
4	Yes, that's what I was going to ask, thank you.
5	Whoa! Wait! Hello! What about me?
4	You? You! Want to watch Ben? (in the background Monica mouths 'Don't worry, I'll be here the whole time.' to Ross.) Yes! That'd be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is. (Monica sarcastically mouths 'Yeah!' and holds up her thumb.)
1	I've got a science question.
1	If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact 'Homo-sapien', is that why there extinct?
4	Joey, Homo Sapiens are people.
1	Hey-hey, I'm not judging.
4	Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
2	Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
0	Not at these prices.
2	(sees a little kid playing with a race car bed) (to kid) Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. (the kid just stares at her, and she makes the 'that went right over your head' motion) Woo!
0	(lying down on a mattress) Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
2	Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... (hops onto the bed) Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
2	Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
1	Yeah, it's this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I'm so, so right for it, y'know, he's just like me. Except he's a boxer, and has an evil twin.
1	I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.
5	What song was that, Pheebs?
2	Oh my God, has she slept at all?
5	No, it's been three nights in a row.
4	Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
2	Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
1	Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
4	So how many more do you have tomorrow?
3	Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
0	(entering) Ross (who has his foot on the coffee table), foot on the floor or come over no more!
4	(to Phoebe) Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.
4	I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...
3	Umm, how's it going with you guys?
4	Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
4	Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
3	Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
3	Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
3	Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. (Eric offers to shake hands) All right. (Chandler hugs him.)
3	Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
0	No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
3	All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
3	Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
4	Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
0	So, Chandler, who's on your list?
3	Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
5	Now, you do realize that she's a cartoon, and way out of your league?
3	I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
1	Hey, Monica, who would yours be?
0	First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
1	It's just a game Mon. (makes a 'Can-you-believe-her' face to the rest of the gang.) Rach, how about you?
5	Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
5	What about you honey, who would be on your list?
4	Yes, you can, very much.
4	(seeing the thumbs up) Ahhhh!! (Hugs Rachel tighter.)
2	Hey, why are you mopping your ceiling?
0	Oh, there's banana on it.
2	Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.
0	So then you know? (Phoebe nods her head)
2	The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.
2	Now what is Fabutec?
0	Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
0	Yes! Have you seen it?
2	Oh, it's incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.
2	God. Do think it really doesn't hurt? 'Cause how can they do that?
0	Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!
2	They have the best stuff in there.
0	Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, (turns sideways on the couch) so that you can bunny bump against my back.
3	Hey, man. What's up?
1	Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
3	Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
2	Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! (they all stare at her) Okay, it was me!
2	Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it. (shows him her hand)
1	Yep, that's my audition.
0	See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
2	Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
1	Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
5	Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?
1	Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
3	Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
1	What is this? Fruit?
5	Monica's making jam.
1	Whoa, jam! I love jam! (to Chandler) Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
3	Because the kids need new shoes.
0	I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. (sees Joey trying some jam from the pot) Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot. (Joey realizes this and spits what he had in his mouth back into the pot.)
1	This will just be my batch.
2	(turns around) Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
3	That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
1	Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
3	Yeah, all right, I'll play.
5	Do you wanna play football?
4	Um, Monica and I aren't supposed to play football.
1	Says who? Your mom?
0	Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
3	No, no, no, you say that proudly.
0	Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
0	To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
4	Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn't count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
4	Oh yeah! Then how come you didn't get the Geller Cup?
5	Um, there was a Geller Cup?
4	Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, 'nobody won that game, ' and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... (pauses to collect himself, as he is on the verge of tears saying this) threw it in the lake.
0	Oh that's my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat. (to Phoebe) She's fancy.
4	Hey, what's going on?
5	Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I've got to get this order in. Honey, I'm so sorry, but it looks like I'm gonna be here all night.
4	What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
5	No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
2	(to Monica) Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
0	Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
2	Hey, don't call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!
3	Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
0	Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a barge.
1	Is ah, is Chandler around?
0	No, umm, he met some girl at the coffee house.
0	Yeah, Ginger something.
1	Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn't something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
0	No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, (singing) 'the movie star.'
1	Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
0	Well, what did you do?
1	What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
0	Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, (to Phoebe) because it'll be more fun that way.
1	All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
0	You gave her food poisoning!?
1	I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
2	Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
1	Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?
1	All right, you got it.
1	Ah, now Rach, these ah, these little women.
1	How little are they? I mean, are they like scary little?
2	Um, Chandler, Ross, this is Robert.
2	(to Robert) You've have lipstick right here (points to her cheek). That's okay, it's mine, we just kissed.
3	(to Robert) So ah, isn't a bit cold out for shorts?
3	Right, right. Sometimes you guys just burst into flames.
3	(standing up) I'm up! I'm up, I've gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything?
4	Yeah, make that three.
4	(on phone) Hi, is Rachel there?
4	Of Ross and Rachel.
4	Hi! What's ah, what's Mark doing answering your phone?
5	Oh, he's just goofing around.
4	Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he goofing around in his own office?
5	Oh honey, this is his office too. I told you we're Joanna's two assistants.
1	Hey, you know what naked card game is never boring?
0	(to Phoebe) So what's Phoebe like?
2	I'm kind, caring, and sweet. What's Monica like?
0	Ah no, the other Phoebe, the one you went to go see.
2	Ohh, I think she knows where my Dad is.
0	Oh well, where is he?!
2	She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn't heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look (shows Monica)! Isn't this what he would look like now?
0	(gasps) Totally familiar. (Phoebe shows the rest of them.)
0	Well, why would she lie to you?
2	I don't know, but we're having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she's gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don't know! So, you're all bored?
2	Okay. (Starts to spin) Ooh, y'know we could just do this. (She stops at Chandler)
3	Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker.
0	Strip Happy Days Game?
1	Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
5	Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
0	(gives her a look) Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
5	Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
5	(to him) Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
5	It's not funny, this is actually my job.
5	Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.
5	(looks at Monica) (to him) Do you want my pickle?
0	Hey Gunther. Hi. (to Phoebe) I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
2	Well, he's very charming.
0	I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
2	Well, you're just gonna have to try.
4	Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. (starts to get out his wallet) How much are the boxes?
4	(puts away his wallet) And what is second prize?
4	Well, that makes sense.
4	Yeah, Sarah, anything.
4	Hi, I'm selling Brown Bird cookies.
4	No, hi, I'm, I'm an honorary Brown Bird (does the Brown Bird salute.)
4	Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.
4	Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap. (He's watching very intently)
4	But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
1	Anyone mind if I save this?
2	Oh, is the play over?
0	Yeah. Where were you?
0	You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
2	Nah. I kept myself busy.
2	Oh, okay, yeah. (to Monica) I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
1	Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
4	I'm-I'm gonna wear this all the time! I love this shirt!! (he kisses the shirt)
5	You have not worn that T-shirt since you were 15!! It doesn't even fit you anymore!
4	Oh, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah...
4	Oh-oh, okay, okay! (He quickly takes off his sweater in order to put on the T-shirt. It's an old 'Frankie says relax' T-shirt, that barely fits him. Rachel nods her head in approval of the new look.) If you don't mind I'm gonna the rest of my stuff, and relax, in my favourite shirt. (Starts to leave) You have a pleasant evening. (He exits and leaves the door open.)
2	So, you're like a zillionaire? (Pete smiles and nods)
3	And you're our age. You're our age.
2	Y'know what, you should like, you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself.
2	Yeah, or, or, or, Mississ-Pete.
1	Oh, oh, I got it! Pete-Chicago.
0	Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
5	Yeah, Phoebe you're awful!
2	You guys. You suck too. (She hugs them both.)
1	Aww man! I can't believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)
1	(rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
3	Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
1	Well, you're amazing.
1	(very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
3	Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
1	Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
1	Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
3	You mean with Casey.
1	No-no-no, I think I'm gonna see how things go with Kathy. She's pretty cool.
1	Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
5	Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
2	You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
2	Great! Okay, good for you! (as they leave she slaps Rachel on the butt)
0	Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
0	Promise me you'll be careful.
0	Hey, are we still on for tonight?
2	Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. (pause) But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
2	Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
2	Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank. (exits)
1	So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes,"remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place."Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
5	I think you should definitely go out with this guy.
0	Nah, he doesn't do anything for me.
0	Well, umm, Walker was looking for this big bus load of kids . (realises) All right, I get your point.
3	Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
5	Hey, how are those tapes working out for ya?
2	No I'm serious. I mean I'm intuitive, but my memory sucks.
3	Okay, but this is the last time. (singing) With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick-(Joey enters)-chickeeeen.
1	Well yeah, don't-don't you think it's a she?
3	I don't know. (He picks the chick up and turns it over, trying to determine the sex of the chick, and blows on it.) I can't tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
1	Well, anyway, I got to go change, I'm ah, meeting some of the cast for drinks.
3	I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
1	Hey! Who was up from 2 o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
3	You don't think I get up when you get up?
1	Ohhh, here it comes.
3	Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
1	Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
3	And you don't think taking care of our chick is work?
1	That's not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
3	I know what you meant!! (pause) You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
1	I don't know, maybe we weren't ready to have a chick.
1	Well Ahh, (he sees Kate and the director kissing) yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
2	Look everybody, look at my new dollhouse!!
2	Oh, okay, it's the slide instead of stairs. Watch this. (She slides a doll down the slide)
0	It's very interesting, Phoebe.
2	The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
4	This is the coolest house ever!!
2	Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room? (lights some incense)
0	Hey, guys, guys, did you see my new, china cabinet?!
3	(entering) Hey, my Father's house does that!
5	(to Chandler) O-o-o-okay, how did it go? Tell me everything.
3	Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there's nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
0	Thank you so much Phoebe.
0	What are you doing with those?!
2	But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.
2	It's okay. How's the soup?
1	Is she great or what?
3	Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.
3	Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
3	Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer. (Leaves)
1	(to Kathy) I'll be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?
1	Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
2	So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
1	That's so sweet. (pause) I'm gonna get some coffee. (gets up and leaves)
0	(sliding into Joey's place on the couch to try and talk to Phoebe) Huh? What'd ya say Joe? I'll be right there. (gets up and joins Joey)
2	I just feel so, uhh.....
3	I'm coming already!!
0	(running from the bathroom to her room, wearing only a towel) Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! (gets to her room and closes the door, as Rachel gets up to answer the door.)
5	She'll be out in a second. So, Chip, how's umm, Amy Welch?
1	This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
1	Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
1	Oh yeah? (opens up the center and takes out the stereo) If I can't, I'll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
2	No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
0	Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
1	All right, I'm here, let's ahh, get this over with.
1	Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
1	No, it's okay, but if I'm Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.
1	Come on man, you're not a potato.
1	Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a - (Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey!
0	Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
1	Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
0	Pass the cheese, please.
0	My God, you can't even look at me! Can you?
3	(jumping up) Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!
2	No. I'm-I'm to depressed to talk.
3	I'll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
4	(coming back in with Rachel) Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?
5	All right, that's it, you guys! What happened out there?
0	What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.
4	What happened? Joey?
0	(stopping him) No! Joey, we swore we'd never tell!
3	(running over and joining Monica) They'll never understand!
4	But-but, Liam's on my team.
4	I'm gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in! (Squeals like a madman.)
1	The Red Ross! Okay.
5	(noticing a bunch of pictures around the door that weren't there originally.) What-what are-what are these?
0	Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?
0	I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture.
5	Oh my God! Look at this!
5	I don't care! The wires have come loose in your head!
0	I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.
0	No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.
0	But it didn't. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.
5	Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.
2	Come on! Look where you are!!
0	(to the waitress) When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.
2	Remember, a virgin for me please.
0	Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
3	Ahh, come on! Y'know what - y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
2	Well, if you think it will help.
3	No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
2	You should! How is she?
0	I think somebody needs another lap dance. (Motions for one.)
0	Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
0	Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, (quietly) tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere
0	What the hell happened?!
1	I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had (tries to do the math in his head, but can't) 327 + 238 dollars!"
0	Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
1	And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
0	What kinda things have you been saying?
1	Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.
2	(singing) Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merry
3	(interrupting) Oh, y'know, y'know what Pheebs?
3	I'm not Jewish, so
3	Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe's song about?
4	The one with the cat. I gotta go, I've got another date.
2	So, did you pick one yet?
4	It's not like we don't know how to party!!
1	Yeah! All right? Let's go!
3	And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again?
4	(to Chandler) Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
3	Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
3	Well, those were seals, man.
5	Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
0	Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
5	Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
0	Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
5	Ohh, you've waited soo long.
1	No, I don't think so.
2	All right, the seven of us miss you.
2	Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies
1	Ahh, the babies miss me?
2	Ooh, the pizza guy's here!
1	What? You ordered pizza without me?!
2	Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
2	Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
1	Wait, well, where did you get it from?!
5	Well isn't it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
0	(running in from her bedroom) I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! (opens the door) Hi, Tim.
0	Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
0	And Rachel. (Chandler clears his voice loudly) And that's Chandler.
1	He's doin' some thinkin'!
3	What happened? What happened?!
1	You kissed my girlfriend!
5	Ooh, I like those sunglasses.
4	Like 'em, like 'em? Or, I'd like to get store credit for that amount like 'em?
0	All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
0	Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
5	Fancy soap? I thought we were savin' that for the Pope!
5	Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? (Tries again.) You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too (Tries again.) Umm, who likes the Knicks - (Joshua comes in from the dressing room.)
5	Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!
5	Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. (She puts her arm in his and checks how they would look as a couple.) Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. (Pause) Umm, so you like it?
5	Oh well, you don't want to do that now?!
5	I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you're interested, just as a thank you for this week.
3	Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
4	Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl's breast?
4	Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
4	Correct, his profession was?
4	Correct! What is Chandler Bing's job?
5	Oh gosh, it has something to do with numbers.
5	He carries a briefcase.
4	10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
0	It's umm, it has something to do with transponding.
5	Oh-oh-oh, he's a transponce - transpondster!
0	That's not even a word! I can get this! I can get this!
1	I call Monica's room!
3	You can't just call Monica's room.
2	Hey, why don't you?
0	What are you doing?
2	No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. (To Frank and Alice) I wanna carry your baby.
0	It's gonna be so great.
2	Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
2	No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
0	Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
5	It depends on who asked.
5	Yes. (Pause) You're not asking are you?
4	That's okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn't want it to end this way, y'know?
5	Well, maybe you didn't want it to end?
5	You seem to really like her.
4	Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
5	Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
5	Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
4	Thanks. (He starts to go inside and stops.) What photo album was it?
5	I don't know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
4	Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach! (He hurries inside and Chandler is taking out the garbage.)
5	I'm not gonna marry Chandler!
5	Okay, you guys, just relax. (She goes over to open the door, and as she does, she says.) I doooo. (Sees that it's Joshua, not Chandler that knocked on the door.)
5	Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua! (Pause) (Comes back inside) Yeah, well, that oughta do it.
4	Come on! Come on. Come on.
0	What-what's going on?
1	Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
4	Uhh, okay, it's uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married.
2	What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!
0	When, when did - how, how did you
4	We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.
4	(turning around.) Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys
5	Yeah, I-I heard. (Pause, everyone looks at each other, waiting for Rachel's reaction.) I think it's great! (Hugs Ross.) Ohh, I'm so happy for you!
3	Oh, well, that's great!
0	(to Ross) I can't believe you're getting married!
1	Monica and Rachel made out. (Giggles like a schoolboy and Monica glares at him.)
1	Hey! (Singing) Get into gear!
3	Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
0	That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
3	Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
3	If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!
0	(To Chandler) We're not really gonna buy these people steak dinners are we?
0	Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?
3	Ahh, ooh, try a hard 8.
0	All right, biggest suite in the place. Come on! (Rolls the dice.)
3	(sees the roll) Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!
0	Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich - Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
1	This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!
4	Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too!
2	No wait! Just - Okay - Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
2	(To Rachel) I'm talking about massages.
5	Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin (does so) and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin (does so) and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
5	(reading) Joey! (Pause) We should just switch.
0	(to the mask) I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak!
0	I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
3	Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when (He fakes falling asleep.)
3	Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?
0	Y'know, I don't have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. (He laughs halfheartedly) Are you sure you're okay?
3	Oh yeah! Yeah! Don't worry about me, I'll be fine! (Does a kara-tay move.)
5	Ohh! My God! Barry!!
5	Oh that's right! I'm sorry! I-I am early! Finish! Please!!
2	Surprise! Look who's back!
2	Uh, I don't think so!
2	All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
3	Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
1	Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he (Chandler) should be your best man.
1	Now, don't argue with me
4	Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good (They all start getting emotional.)
1	(starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can't see him cry.)
1	(pause) Nothing. No, nothing.
0	Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! (Points at Chandler) I was right! (Points to Emily) I'm right, right?
4	(yelling, thinking Emily can hear him through the answering machine all the way to New York.) I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! (Realises) You can't hear me. (Goes to make his call.)
3	I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
1	Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
3	What, no, "Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge?"
3	Y'know what, we have to turn off the porn.
1	I think you're right.
3	Yeah, that's kinda a relief.
5	Monica's gonna marry a millionaire!!!
4	Hey, you gotta get Mom on the phone. Call Mom! Call Mom!
0	And that's Pete's Mom.
0	Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
3	Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
0	Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
4	Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
5	Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
2	All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
3	Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
2	Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel's sister's cabin. (Chandler goes back to the window to smoke again.)
4	So, for the whole weekend?
0	We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
2	Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
1	Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
0	Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.
0	No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
4	Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
3	Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.
1	(to Chandler and Monica) Hey, does anybody else feel bad about Ross?
0	Why? Do you think he's still mad at us?
3	(to Joey) Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
1	What? Mine aren't tinted.
2	What does the sign say?
5	(holding Ben) Look Benny, spoon. (moves it back and forth) Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
0	Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. (takes Ben) We're gonna do something fun. Okay. (throws Ben up in the air a little bit and catches him) Weee!! (moves into the living room and does it again) Weee!! (starts to walk back into the kitchen as she does it again, and hits Ben's head on that wooden beam across the ceiling.)
0	(to Ben) Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
5	Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. (sets him on the couch) See that's a good boy. (to Monica) How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
0	He's not gonna say anything, because we're not gonna tell him.
5	All right, I like that.
5	So we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, (starts to exam Ben) aren't we? No, we're not okay, we're not okay, there's a bump, there's a bump.
0	Oh my God! Well push it in! Push it in!
5	I cannot push it in!
0	Okay, we're gonna need a distraction.
0	The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, (high pitched) rweee!!
5	Or. We could put a hat on his head.
2	Oh, do I have a middle name. All right Monica Velula Geller. It's that bedroom there. (points to Monica's room)
1	Hey, Monica bought a bed from the Mattress King?
2	Yeah, so please, please, please, don't say anything to Chandler.
1	You want me to lie to Chandler?
2	Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on. (they start shadow boxing)
1	Hey, you're ah, pretty good at this.
2	Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
1	Hey!!! Oww!! And I'm bleeding.
2	Wow! And I'm a vegetarian! All right, all right, well I'm sorry, we'll put some ice on it.
2	'Kay, put your head back.
1	All right. I can't see.
3	Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
3	Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
3	I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
3	Well, maybe I won't kiss you, and then you'll have to stay.
1	(under his breath) Kiss her! Kiss her!
1	B-bye Janice. So when ya' dumpin' her.
3	Nope, not this time.
1	Come on, quite yankin' me.
3	Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
3	(running around the apartment pointing out things) Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, (opens door) Bye-bye.
1	Don't you ah, don't you wanna ask me any questions?
3	Sure. Ummm. What's up?
1	Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.
1	Ah, y'know just in general people being gay, thing. I'm totally cool with that.
3	Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by.
0	Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.
0	Chris says they're closing down the bar.
0	Yeah, apparently they're turning it into some kinda coffee place.
4	Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
2	(entering) Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.
2	This is everybody. This is Ross.
2	And this is Rachel.
2	I'm gonna get coffee.
5	Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
2	Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
3	You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
1	Oh, I'm sorry. Did I get 'ya?
1	Calm down, do you want this unit or not?
1	Well, you should've told me that before, I'm not a mind reader. Hey, we're out of beer. I'm going to Monica's.
3	Oh my God! Oh my God!
1	Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
4	You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
3	Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
4	What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
1	Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
3	He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
1	Yeah, and there won't be a relationship left to rebuild.
4	Yeah, but don't you think....
3	All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
1	All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. (spins the chair around so that Ross is facing him) Did you think about the trail?
1	(stomps on the footrest which pops Ross up into a sitting position) The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! (slapping his hands with each word) You always have to think about the trail!
4	Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
3	Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
2	(reading from the instructions) After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
2	That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
1	Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
2	What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh (starts dialing).
1	What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
2	No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. (on the phone in a different voice) 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
1	Hang up, hang up. (reaches with his good arm, but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but can't because of the sling.)
2	(on phone) 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
3	Is anybody else scared?
2	(on phone) 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' (to Monica) I need a pen. (Chandler hands her one, but she needs something to right on, so she tilts Chandler's head over and writes on the back of his neck)
3	Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
0	Oh, now you want a pad.
4	Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
2	Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward.
2	Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
2	Oh, you're not a dingus.
2	Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
2	Wait, (grabs him) you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
2	Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
2	Oh, thanks a lot. Do you want to get a cup of coffee?
2	Okay. (they start to leave, he is still following her) Okay, you don't have to walk behind me any more.
5	(reading) 'Gone for more jars. Back later. Monica Geller.'
4	Wait a minute, look.
4	It's an empty apartment.
3	And was the curse lifted?
4	Anyway. That's when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
0	Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it's been twelve years.
4	Can I see you for a second?
4	All right, we're gonna play.
3	But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
0	Okay. Let's bring it in.
5	Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
5	(knocking it down instead of catching it) That almost hit me in the face.
1	All right, we have to pick captains.
2	Okay, so how do we decide that?
0	Well, why don't we just bunny up.
0	Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
5	Monica, I'm your best friend.
3	What time is it now?
3	Yeah all right, so we'll hang out.
1	Yeah. Hey, remember when she brought up that thing about the three of us?
1	She was kidding about that right?
3	Yeah, I-I-I think so. (Pauses and thinks about it for a second) Yeah, I-I think so...
1	God, that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight, huh?
3	Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do?
1	Dude, I don't know.
3	She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
1	Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
1	I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
0	Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
3	Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room.
3	(sees her foot is in a slush puddle) Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.
3	Yeah, we're gonna have to get you out of those shoes.
3	No, really you're gonna freeze.
3	You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
4	Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
5	Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn't mind.
4	Oh, no, no, no, it's-it's not the lecture ah, I mind, umm....
5	Oh, please tell me it's not because I'm going with Mark.
5	Oh my God!!! Ross!!
3	Okay Ross, why don't you come with me?
4	Okay. (goes over to the counter) (to Chandler) What ah, what is the matter with you? What's going on?
3	Robert's coming out.
4	What, what do you mean, what? Is he gay?
3	No. He.....he's coming out of his shorts.
3	The man is showing brain.
4	Are you sure? (Chandler nods: Yes!) Hold on. (walks over behind the couch) I'm sorry you guys, that was a coffee and a....
4	No, no, that won't be ah, that won't be necessary (leans down and looks up Robert's shorts, seeing Robert's package.)
3	What do we do? What do we do?
4	Well, I suppose we just try to not look directly at it.
4	Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how lazy is she?
5	Oh! Oh my God! What did I just do?
5	I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go. (to Mark) Mark, I need you!
4	Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number. (hangs up)
0	Please, I'm not going for anything.
0	Would you please go?
0	Look Julio, someone left their book here.
0	Oh yeah, what are you reading?
4	Okay, (reading the card) Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
2	Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
4	Okay, come on! (blows on the dice) Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! (They all look at him, and he shuts up and rolls the dice.) (he moves his piece) Okay. (reading a card) Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
1	All right, relax. It's just a shoe.
5	(reading a card) Okay, your band is playing at Arnold's, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey's boxers!
1	Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
2	Come on, take 'em off!!
1	Actually, y'know it's kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
5	(getting up) All right, I'm gonna make more margaritas! (She pours the rest of the pitcher into Ross's glass.)
4	Whoa, hey! What are doing? Trying to get me drunk?
5	I'm just making margaritas.
0	I think I'll help her out. (She gets up to go over and help Rachel, and reveals she has no pants.) (to Rachel) What is going on here?
0	You painting his toenails?
1	I don't know, Chandler is supposed to be passin' 'em around...
4	Oh, somebody's feeling better.
0	(to Chandler) Stick out your tongue.
3	(to Monica) Take off your shirt!
1	Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
5	(entering, to Ross) The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
4	What, so this guy is helping you for no apparent reason?
4	And he's, he's a total stranger?
5	Yeah! His name is um, Mark something.
4	Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
4	Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
4	Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to strange women for no reason?
4	Thank you. (to Rachel) So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?
4	No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
4	Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going. (goes across the hall to knock on another door.)
1	Hey. What, what are you doing here?
2	Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, (looks at the tree) oh, but oh...
1	Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....
2	Okay. (One of Joey's co-workers, walks by with a dead tree.) Yikes! That one doesn't look very fulfilled.
1	Oh, that's, that's ah, one of the old ones, he's just taking it to the back.
2	You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.
1	Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
2	So, what happens to the old guys?
1	Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
1	Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
1	Oh, you didn't see the Post?
1	Oh, absolutely! You're talented and you're good looking.
1	I know! That's why they trashed me!
1	Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
1	I, I don't get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
1	Kate, do you even like me?
1	Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
3	That's not a state Joe.
1	Oh, and Mississ-Pete is?
0	Absolutely! (He goes to kiss her, but she stops him and rubs his head and says...) Now get out of here you!! (Pete leaves) (to the gang) Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
1	Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. (He kisses her) Nothing.
1	Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
3	I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little (pats the flat spot on the back of his head) cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
3	Is there any chance you didn't see that?
3	That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!
2	Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
4	Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don't want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
2	Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
2	Yeah, I-I can't - I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just - I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I
4	See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I I won't play anymore.
2	Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
4	Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
0	Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
0	You obviously haven't screwed over a lot of your friends. (They all look at her) Which we all appreciate.
4	No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.
3	Oh, don't say that! Don't say that. That's not true. Is it?
2	I think maybe, yeah.
0	Okay, good, 'cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...
0	How 'bout just a boom?
2	Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie. (who has hair by the way)
5	This is Bonnie? (to Phoebe) This is Bonnie? (to Bonnie) You're Bonnie?
5	Oh no, I'm sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you.
5	Oh, that must be it.
2	(to Bonnie) Well I hope you have fun tonight.
5	(to Phoebe) You said she was bald.
2	Yeah, she was bald, she's not now.
5	How could you not tell me that she has hair?
2	I don't know, I hardly ever say that about people.
5	(looks in the window) Ohh, well, this is just perfect!
3	Y'know what, pretty good.
3	Good! I haven't smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
5	Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
0	As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I'd call him.
3	(reading the check) Pete Becker. Pete (quickly grabs a magazine and opens it up to show her a picture) (pointing to the picture) Is this him?
0	That's Bill Clinton.
0	Oh my God! That's Pete! But why is Bill huggin' Pete?
3	This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!
5	Oh my God, Monica's gonna go out with a millionaire.
0	I'm not gonna go out with him.
3	I'll take her back tomorrow.
1	Do you think we'll get our three bucks back?
4	(sees the chick) Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? (takes out two suits) This blue suit, or this brown one?
1	Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one.
5	(she reaches for the bottle) Oww! (She grabs the bottle, but has trouble opening it. She pops the top off and aspirins fly all over the place as Ross enters.)
4	Wow! That aspirin dance really works!
4	Oh my God, is that still...
5	I'm fine, I'm fine.
5	Look, I'm fine. Watch. (She picks up an aspirin between her toes) Look at that. (She lifts her leg to grab the aspirin with her hand and almost falls over.) Whoa-whoa!
4	(stopping her from falling) Okay, okay. Look, you have got to go to a doctor! Okay?
4	And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. (He lifts his leg and imitates shaking hands with it, just like how Rachel was trying to pick up the aspirin with her feet.) Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
5	Well, I will go to the hospital tomorrow, it'll still be broken then.
5	But y'know, I could use a hand getting ready.
1	Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
1	(to Kate) That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
1	Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
1	Do you want me to want you to care?
1	Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
3	Hey, look, what do you want from me?
1	I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
1	Well then, do it better!
3	Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
1	Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
4	(entering) Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. (to Monica) So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
5	Well where's Amanda?
0	Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
5	I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
0	Ross, cough drops, please?
4	At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
5	Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
4	You see Amanda and I have a very special...
0	(interrupting) You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
1	Okay. (he gets in the unit and closes the door) See?! I told ya!
1	Sometimes I get in here just to get away from it! Hey, a nickel!!
0	Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!
0	That's what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you're Chip. Nevermind.
0	Wow! A lipper from Chipper.
0	Umm. Well, there's Rachel, and umm, I think that's it. How bout you?
5	You just did a little dancy thing.
0	Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
5	You are soo enjoying this.
1	No, I'm not! And it wasn't a hop it was a pademarie.
1	All right, well maybe I'm enjoying it a little bit. I mean I'm getting pretty good at it.
5	Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.
1	Hey-hey, hold on, this isn't some kind of like girly dance. All right, it's like a sport, it's manly!
0	All right, then show me some manly moves.
1	I don't know how to lead.
4	We'd like to close our accounts.
3	No, we'd just like to close them.
3	I wanna quit the bank!
2	(thinking to herself) Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little Oh no - wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
2	(thinking to herself) Chandler's knees. Chandler's ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. (notices the clock) Oh no. (to Rick) Okay, you're all set.
1	Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It's eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
0	(interrupting) All right!! All right. (walks slowly into the living room) I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn't stand. I-I couldn't walk.
3	(following Monica) We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it. (He goes to put his hands on Monica's shoulders but for some reason can quite complete the action and pulls back.)
0	I was in too much pain.
1	And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
3	And then Joey remembered something.
0	You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So... (looks at Joey.)
1	That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
3	(wails loudly into his hands) Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!"Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
1	(laughs) That's 'cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
2	(singing) "...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm."(applause) Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. (Sees that Phoebe Sr. has entered, and to her) Except for you. You go away.
2	But, it's not like we're losing anything. Y'know?
2	Oh my God, so do I!
2	Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?
4	Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.
1	Uhh, look, your eye's still popping out a little, I'm gonna go get some ice.
2	Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice! (They go and get the coffee and the ice leaving Ross and Emily alone.)
4	Oh, I kinda was, wasn't I?
4	I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.
4	Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose - I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
4	No, no, I'm serious. Thank you.
4	It's worth the pain. (She goes to hug him again.) Y'know what, you know what? It's not.
3	Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
1	I guess you wouldn't believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?
1	No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
1	Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!
1	Oh no-no-no, you don't understand
1	Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm - (he starts to leave)
0	So, we did okay at the strip club, right?
3	Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
5	(entering) I can't believe it! He still hasn't called.
0	What, he doesn't like Josh?
4	No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought - it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
2	Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
4	Y'know, you're right. Thank you.
2	Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
2	There's sooo much you don't know.
5	Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
3	I did! I absolutely did!
3	I'm sure you're right, but why?
5	You don't tell a guy that you're looking for a serious relationship! You don't tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!
3	Oh, man. I'm sorry, I'm so-so sorry.
5	Oh! See just I'm right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks! (She sits down heavily in one of the new chairs)
3	Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once. (He sits down on the arm of her chair)
3	Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
3	Oh, it doesn't matter. (Kisses her on the top of her head.) Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
5	Hey, Pheebs, quick question for ya.
2	I don't know, it would totally depend on her coloring and (realizes) You got the job!!
0	You got the job?! Why didn't you tell me?
5	Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. (turns to Monica) I'm gonna have walls!
2	Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
0	Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. (Rachel excuses herself) Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
2	But we've only had one job.
0	I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it's snowballing, y'know?
2	Yeah! What are you saying?
0	I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro's.
0	It's okay, 'cause y'know what? You don't really need me for the business.
2	You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
2	For what? I can't believe this! I gotta get out of here. (leaves)
4	Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles
0	And the musicians, look, they can go over here (Points to a little alcove), okay? And the chairs can face this way (Points), and (Points to Ross) You go.
4	But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
4	And, I don't know, if it starts to rain
0	Ohh. And I don't even have a date.
5	Do you remember where the duck food is?
2	Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
5	(enters with a bag packed) Because I'm going to London.
2	What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
5	Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back. (Kisses her stomach.)
2	I - Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
5	Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
2	That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
0	See he's nice. Right?
2	Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That's not how your dad used to do it."
0	I saved you a seat. (Motions to the one next to her.)
5	(pouring the wine) Sick-sick-sick-sick.
1	That doesn't sound like thinking to me!
1	Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
3	Okay, okay, you got it!
5	Ross, can you pass me the yams?
4	Sure! Oh, and Joey's got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.
5	Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
0	Oh-ho-ho, we've got company.
4	There's nothing the matter with me. See, I'm not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
3	Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me - (Notices a pair of men's pants on the chair.) Nick's pants?
1	Okay, for next time, what do you say?
5	I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
4	So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
5	He didn't turn me down! He's at the game isn't he? I got the date, I'm just not on it!
0	(entering) Okay, it's ready. Come on.
2	Oh did you - what did you - did you work for two days straight?
0	Pretty much. (to Joey) So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
1	I don't know, it looks the same.
0	You used to have carpet.
0	So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I'm just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
4	Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?
0	Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I'm always the hostess.
1	Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I'm sight of the room and I called it.
0	Man, I feel like I'm coming down with something.
0	Yeah. (to Chandler) I bet you can't guess what color my tonsils are? I'll bet the apartment!
3	Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It's too nice.
1	Hey - ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
2	Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they're implanted.
3	Yeah, but I bet it works.
0	Really?! How much?!
2	All right, I'm gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
1	Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
2	Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body's always been a little faster than Western medicine.
5	(entering from Chandler's bedroom, I guess, and sees the foosball table.) Oh my God! I can't believe you guys are actually think you're moving in here!
5	You're a pathetic loser, right?
5	Oh my gosh, Joshua!
5	Oh! Oh, I love that but.
5	You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
5	Okay. (Joshua goes inside and to Chandler.) Every time.
1	Oooh, what you got there?
1	Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y'know what goes good with that?
1	Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that's much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
1	(He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.) Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?
1	Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?
2	Not if I get there first.
0	Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
3	Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; (pause) and we get married here tonight.
0	What did you just say?
3	You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
3	Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
0	I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
3	Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
3	Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right!
3	(spots one) Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one?
0	Nobody move! (To Chandler) Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!
3	Here it is! Here it is!
0	Nothing. (She backs away a little bit but is still in his arms and looks up at his eyes.) I don't kn - Umm. I don't know. Umm
0	Y'know, I-I I have to figure some st - Y'know, some stuff before I can
3	Where is she? I'm not scared of you! (Averts his eyes and walks in.)
3	(examining the coffee table) Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
3	Well where did she go?
3	Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought I thought you were a good guy.
3	Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn't tell my girlfriend that you love her?
3	Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
3	And what does she have to think about? I love her!
2	Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count - Anyway, I'll be in my office.
2	That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant. (She picks a place in the lobby next to a plant.)
2	I'm having another heart attack!
2	I'm having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!!
2	Well, they fired me and I'm having heart attack.
5	Is Joey Tribbiani here?
3	You wanna see if we still have it?
3	We have free porn here!!!
2	Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice (pause) butt. (Her eyes glaze over thinking about the butt.) (pause) Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
5	OH MY GOD!!! (She holds her hands up in triumph and the gang all look at her.) Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet.
2	Excuse me. Umm, is Vince here?
2	Wow! I didn't know you guys actually used those.
2	Umm, wow. This-this isn't gonna be easy. Umm, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
2	Oh my God, I didn't
2	(running after him) Wait-wait-wait! Wait!!
2	(to Ross) I'm telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
4	Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don't want to make it savory.
0	Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.
5	(entering) Hi! Okay, don't be mad at me, but I couldn't resist.
2	No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.
3	Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.
0	No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.
3	Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
1	Oh, now I have to go!!
3	Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves.
2	(to Rachel, who's staying in the cab.) Aren't you gonna go?
0	(getting out) No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.
5	Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' (Phoebe laughs and gets out.) Well, if everybody's going. (She gets out and starts to close the door.)
2	No, y'know what don't close it (Rachel slams the door shut locking themselves out.) 'cause the... keys...are in there.
3	Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!!
3	(to Joey) My lighter's in there! (points to the cab)
0	A hat! Yes! We need a hat.
0	Where are we gonna find a tiny little hat?
5	Oh, oh, oh, I'll get 'Rainy Day Bear'!! (runs to get him)
0	Because he'll know what to do? (Rachel comes out of her room with a bear that's dressed in a rain suit.) Oh my God, you're a genius!
5	Oh God, oh God, it's sowed on though.
5	Oh, it's just like a bloodbath in here today.
3	Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
1	I'd really prefer a mountain bike.
3	Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
1	Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
3	That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
1	Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
3	All right. Look, I'm gonna go in here, and you don't buy me anything ever. (starts to go into the store)
1	(stopping him) No, no, you can't, you can't, okay, you can't, you can't buy her pearls, you just can't, you can't, you can't.
1	Oh God. Uh, okay, here's the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...
2	All right, I have ya. Oh God.
2	Oh, it's the compulsively neat one by the window, okay.
4	Nice to see you again Dr. Green.
4	There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.
4	Yeah, if you're really hungry. (Dr. Green stares at him) It was a joke, I made a joke.
5	Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.
4	It's not a library...
4	So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
1	Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
3	(looks him in the eye) I'm not breaking up with her! (they stare at each other for a while, then Joey blows in his face)
0	God, look what I found in the drain.
0	It's some of Richard's hair! (holds it close to Ross) What do I do with this?
4	Getting it away from me would be job one.
0	It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh! (drops it in Ross's cereal)
2	Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal. (Ross gives her this look, like 'Yeah, doesn't it', and gets up to dump it down the drain.)
0	God, what is wrong with me.
4	You need to get some sleep.
0	I need to get some Richard.
5	Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.
0	I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
2	Maybe, because you told him not to.
0	What are you the memory woman?
1	(entering) Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.
3	Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
3	(to bartender) Can I get a beer.
0	Hey, did you pick a roommate?
0	Is it the Italian guy?
3	Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
0	Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
3	Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
5	That's all right. (to her friends) I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
5	Ummm, I think it's time to see the ring again. (holds her hand out and they all scream)
5	Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system. (Chandler is listening in very intensely)
5	I'm serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.
3	Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.
3	(picks it up) And now I've picked it up again. (walks over to Monica.)
0	Oh my God, I went to high school with her. (to Rachel) Rachel! Hi!
0	Hey! Where 'ya headin' in those pants? 1982?
1	Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
0	Why, what's wrong with my bathroom floor?
1	Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.
0	I highly doubt that. (they both go to the bathroom)
1	Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. (Monica gasps) Yeah.
0	I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
1	Relax. Here hold this (hands her his beer). This old stuff just comes right off. (he bends down to try and lift some tile right in the middle of the floor, in his tight pants.)
0	That's a little more than I wanted to see.
1	(manages to pry off only a small piece) Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It'd take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it. (starts to walk away, but Monica grabs him)
0	I can't leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.
0	You know that's nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!
2	Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
2	Yeah, yeah. You can do it to. (tries to do it, but can't)
2	Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
0	Okay. (Does so.) Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!
2	Was it not pain-free?
0	No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
2	Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
0	That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
2	(Removing one of the strips) Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!
0	Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips?
4	Just you keep it, listen did you, did you tell anyone about us?
4	Exactly. So you didn't, didn't mention anything to Issac right?
4	You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
5	Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll? (uses the Milk Master 2000 to pour milk into her cereal)
0	(entering from her bedroom) I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?
1	I love that movie. (Joey is using it as a pillow)
0	There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
1	I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
3	(entering with his ringing phone) Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
1	Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
3	Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. (phone stops ringing) Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
5	What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
3	Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
4	And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
4	You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
3	No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
5	Men are unbelievable.
4	We're all alone in an empty apartment.
5	Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes (Ross starts kissing her neck) Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything. (they fall onto the couch)
5	Oh, oh, that's what you're talking about. (to Chandler) Hey.
3	Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
5	Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
3	Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
4	Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
4	And it works both ways.
3	Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
5	Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
4	Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
3	That's easy, baggage claim.
4	(buzzes) Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
3	Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
5	Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. (Chandler makes an 'Ewww' face) Okay, I'm late for work.
4	Sweetie, don't worry you'll get picked. Chandler.
4	Sweetie, now I pick you.
4	Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
0	All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
3	Wow! Just like in the pros.
1	(to his team) All right, huddle up, right over here.
2	Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first huddle.
2	Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
0	Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
0	Okay, Joey's gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
3	Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there.... (holds his arm out and pretends to grab something with his hand.)
1	Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... (clears throat) y'know each would, (clears throat again) y'know (pause) be?
3	Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it.
1	Yeah, I guess, but what's like heads and what's tails?
3	Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.
5	(on the phone) No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... (listens) What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? (listens) Thank you. (to Sophie) We're holding.
5	(startled) Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
4	Well you said you couldn't go out so.... (pulls the cover off of the basket)
5	Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
4	Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
5	Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
4	Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here. (lights a candle)
5	But I don't, hmm... (on phone) Oh, who approved that order?! (listens) Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. (to Sophie) Get me Mark on the phone!
4	Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
5	Because, he's my friend.
4	Okay, but do you really need another friend? I mean...
5	Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?
4	Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
5	I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
4	Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
4	Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.
5	Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me. (Ross has a worried look on his face) What?
4	What should I wear, now I'm all nervous.
0	Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.
2	It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
0	You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
0	You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
0	Gotta keep squishing.
0	Oh, gosh, you got some on your shirt.
0	Hold on a second, just put a little club soda on it (does so) and it should umm, be.....
0	Umm, you've got some on your pants.
0	Have I read it? (pause) No, are you enjoying it?
0	Your a poet and don't know it. (she turns away and makes a face like 'I can't believe I just said that.')
0	Oh, then you do know it. (pause) So um what kind of things do you write about?
0	Mine? (points to her lower lip) Right here?
0	How would that go? (they kiss) Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.
1	(singing) You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, (picks a handkerchief from the pianist's pocket) you've got to pick a pocket or two..........
1	Excellent, I'll be there.
0	Chasing him all around the room?
0	He's totally flirting with you too.
5	(pause) He is, isn't he? I don't know, I don't know, I mean maybe it's just being here at the beach together or, I don't know. But it's like something... (she's interrupted by the sound of Bonnie entering)
1	We're playing Strip Happy Days Game!
3	So, you still don't think I'm boyfriend material?
3	I saw you checking me out during the game last night.
0	You didn't even take off your pants.
3	Yeah, well, lucky for you.
2	Shhh! Shhhh! Joey's asleep.
2	After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
5	Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
5	I didn't have to, because I was wearing my 'I heart Ross' sandwich board and ringing my bell.
3	(to Monica) Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
0	How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey's sisters.
2	Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.
2	Wow. Okay, I don't know how to talk to you.
3	Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
3	No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? (to one of Joey's sisters) Those are some huge breasts you have.
4	Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
4	Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
0	Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, 'Hummina-hummina-hummina.' (walks away)
1	Well, they go into the chipper.
2	Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? (Joey points out one going into the chipper to her, as this haunty, demonic music starts to play in the background) No! Nooooo!!! (she winces in horror and hides her face against Joey's shoulder, as she sees the tree spit out from the chipper.)
1	(to the guy operating the chipper) Hey! Hey!! (makes the 'cut it' motion with his hands)
4	...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
1	All right, I'll take a box of the cream filled Jesus's.
4	Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
3	Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
4	No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
0	All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. (to Ross) Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
4	Oh, come on, now you know you want 'em.
0	Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't do this.
4	I'll tell you what Mon, I'll give you the first box for free.
0	(she reaches out for it and stops) Oh God! I gotta go! (runs out)
1	(Checks to see if she's drooling on his shirt.) Okay. Okay, okay, hey. (Lays her down and covers her with a blanket.) There we go, let's get your feet up there. (Looks at her) Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. (Picks up a garbage can) I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
0	(entering from her bedroom) Pheebs, you've been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn't healthy.
2	No, no, I'm fine, and y'know why? 'Cause of all the riboflavin.
0	Hey! Didn't you have that outfit on last night?
1	Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
2	I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
0	Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
1	Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
0	Joey, you had the night!
0	When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
0	Did you like learn about her family?
1	Two brothers, one died!
3	Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
4	I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
3	You didn't just break up.
4	Hey, it's been like three weeks!
3	You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
4	Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. (turns away, then quickly turns to look again) Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.
4	She's going in. Wait! He's going in! He's going in!! The door's closed! I, I can't see anything but the door closed!!
3	And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
4	Okay, I have to do something. I mean, I have, I have to stop it!
4	I don't know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I'll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!
4	Look, they must be stopped!
3	I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! (Ross is now dragging Chandler and the foosball table to the door) You are surprisingly strong!
3	Then why didn't you tell me to do that?!!
4	Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.
2	Yeah! No, that's right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
5	I know, I remember that!
0	I remember you did.
3	God!! (Sits down in disgust.) What am I gonna do?!
5	Well, Chandler, you're gonna have to tell him.
3	Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
4	Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.
1	Hey! Samboucha Margarita?
3	Is that a real thing?
1	Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now.
3	Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.
2	Well I'm sorry, I thought you said it was okay.
2	Well, maybe it won't work out. Maybe Ross won't like her personality.
5	Why, does she have a bad personality?
2	Oh no, Bonnie's the best!
3	(to his co-workers) What is with him?
3	Well, that's not true, he-he smacked you once.
5	Oh my God, I can't believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.
0	Or incredibly offensive.
5	Oh yeah, sure, that too.
4	All we're saying is don't rush into anything.
1	Yeah, come on, think about it. You're 18, okay, she's 44, when you're 36, she's gonna be 88.
1	Look, the point is, there's a lot of women out there you haven't even had sex with yet!
4	Yeah, he-he's right, he's right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you're young, you're-you're weird, chicks dig that.
1	Yeah, in a poem maybe.
4	No the man's right, that's what I had with Rachel.
4	No, I ah, I slept with someone else.
5	Look, either help me or go.
5	(with a hurt expression on her face) Okay, but before you go, could you help me first?
4	(He checks his watch) Sure. I'll help you.
3	(rushing in) Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
5	(She drops the brush) Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
5	(taking the brush back) Okay. Let's use this brush. (Hands him another one.)
5	Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.
5	Hey! That's just poking me in the eye!
4	Sorry, I'm sorry. Close, close, close...
5	Okay, just sweep it.
5	Okay, now make it even, 'cause we don't...
5	We don't want it-it to be too much, we want it to be subtle.
1	Hey, it's gonna be all right.
1	Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
1	(to Kate) Ah, are you okay?
1	Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
5	(laughing) Ohh, that is soo sad.
0	And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
5	Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it! (Shows her, her ring)
0	That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
4	Here. (Hands her, her cough drops) (to Rachel) At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.
1	(opening the door wearing nothing but a sock, and holding a dart board over the `Little General.') Hey! (Chandler turns down the TV) Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?
3	Can I sleep on your couch?
0	Isn't he an architect now?
3	Are you all right?!
1	(getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
3	What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
1	Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
1	I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
0	Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
0	You still work at the multiplex?
0	Thanks, I'm set. Do you still live with your parents?
2	Yeah! In really long hour world.
2	Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.
2	(laughs) Okay, quit down. (they start to kiss again)
2	Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
2	Yes, I will tell her.
4	No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
5	What are you ever gonna use that for?!
3	To pay for the gym.
2	Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
2	Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly?
2	Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I'm-I'm mad at you.
2	Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I'm kinda hungry.
2	All right, stop it. Now you're just doing it to freak me out.
5	Oh-hooo, I missed you.
5	Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
5	Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
4	(yelling from the bedroom) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
3	(entering with Joey) (to Monica) Coffee house?
5	Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
4	I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
4	It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! (they go into the living room, trapping Monica, Chandler, and Joey in the kitchen) (to Rachel) Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
4	(starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)
5	(to Monica) Sorry!! (to Ross) I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
3	Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
3	Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.
3	Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
3	Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! (To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
0	All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
0	I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.
2	See? I'm doing it. I am totally doing it. (Suddenly it stops working.) I lost it.
3	All right, well I'm gonna put my sweats back on.
2	Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y'know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren't great at being guys, but you know why? Because we're girls.
2	And do you know what girls are really good at?
2	No, listening! Sit! Y'know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.
5	Yeah, come on! What's going in on in there? (Pats his chest.)
0	Yeah. And y'know, if you wanna cry, that's okay too.
3	Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
3	Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them. (Sits back in disgust.)
0	They really were pretty, weren't they? (Rachel and Phoebe both agree)
2	Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.
0	Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!
0	Y'know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. (Chandler is intrigued.) It'd, it'd be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
5	See, I don't know, for me it would have to Chantal.
5	Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh
5	Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.
3	Well, actually it's a hockey team, so it's angry Canadians with no teeth.
5	Well that sounds fun too. (They hug.)
3	Have you ever been with a woman?
5	What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
3	So there is no good time to ask that question.
0	I need more swordfish. (to one of the assistant chefs) Can you get me some more swordfish?
0	You did a minute ago!
0	Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I'm cold! (She spills something.) And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out! (the door opens)
0	(starting to cry) I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is
1	(interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
1	You bet I do! I just ah, wasn't listening then, that's all.
0	Well if you want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
1	What are you gonna do? You're gonna fire me?
0	Phoebe, wait a minute! (runs after her, leaving Rachel alone)
5	I'm an assistant buyer!!
1	All right, so we'll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we'll head back out.
1	So, we're having fun, right?
1	We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
1	Thank God! I'm exhausted!
1	Yeah, but uh, I don't want to be up too late, so uh, I'll have a decaf.
3	Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
1	I can't hear a word you're saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
3	Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
5	Ohh - Do you think he will?!
2	No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
5	Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."(Exits)
2	I do! I do! I do! (Chases her into the hall, but Rachel doesn't stop.) I do! (Gives up.) Ugh, like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter.
3	You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
1	All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
3	You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
1	So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
1	That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There's no response from Chandler.) Okay.
5	Don't say that I have no sentiment! (Starts to show Ross what's in the box.) This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! (Holds up a bone) This is from the museum from the first time we were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
4	I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. (Points to the bone) It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
0	(putting off her coat) Ooh, this always happens. (Her coat gets stuck.)
0	Y'know all my friends think this is weird.
0	I know! I mean it's like me and your dad, that's a totally separate thing.
0	We're just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?
3	Well, she wasn't sleeping with him.
4	What are you saying?
2	How? How is your fault?
3	Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
5	Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
4	Well, if-if she thought they were on a break
3	Well believe it baby!
5	Well I-I-I'm not moving.
5	No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
1	You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
0	Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
0	All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
0	Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
5	I don't care, I'm not going anywhere.
3	Cool, girl roommate.
2	Nope, not knocked up yet.
0	It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
2	Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, (She climbs into the chair and drapes her feet over the back of the chair.) Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
0	Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
0	I'll take care of it.
5	That's right! You do what the hand says!
0	That could be a four or a five. It's your call.
2	Oh well, lost again. (She gets up and slowly moves away. The lurker scurries in and takes her spot, only this time Phoebe set a trap for her and catches her in the act.) That's it! You and me, outside!
2	Be cool! (They both pretend to have a nice conversation as the guard walks by, but after he leaves they both start fighting again.) Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
2	Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
2	What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
5	Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (She slows down with each one.)
4	(runs out of cards) We need more cards.
5	Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. (Gets up but stumbles a little bit.) Whup, okay. (She makes it to the phone and picks it up, without dialing.) Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
4	That must be our alcohol and beers! (Gets up to answer it.)
4	Ohh, it's Joey! I love Joey! (Hugs him.)
5	Ohh, I love Joey! Joey lives with a duck! (Goes and hugs Joey.)
1	Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
4	I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. (He starts to sit down on the bed. There's one problem though, he's about two feet to the left of it. Needless to say, he misses and falls on his butt.) (Looking up at Joey.) Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
3	Yeah I even (pause) got a ring. (Puts in on the center cushion.) Did you get a ring?
3	Y'know Richard you are a good guy.
3	I can't talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!
1	She's gone. She had a bag and she left.
3	What are you talking about?
1	She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
3	Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
1	I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn't believe me.
3	Well where Where did she go?
4	That-that's always good news. Are you okay?
5	Me? I'm great! I'm fine! I'm sooo good!! But, you know who's not great?! Men! You're a man right Ross?!
4	Didn't you spend last night at Joey's?
5	Aw what are you?! A detective?
4	Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
5	Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is (whispers) gay.
5	Good day for married people huh?
4	I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
5	I'm sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren't that great either.
4	Try telling my wife that.
0	Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.
3	Yeah I know, guess who beeped him?
5	Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin. (shows her the picture.)
2	(gasps) Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. (They both look at her.) Like for clubbing.
0	It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. (Rachel slams the magazine shut in amazement.) I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
0	I know. (pause) I need more pie. (goes and gets some)
2	Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
5	You didn't break up with that fireman?
2	No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
2	Yeah, well he'd prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
0	So then, are you going to dump Jason?
2	Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and Okay so Jason is sensitive, (holds up one finger) but now so's Vince (holds up one finger on her other hand) Plus, Vince has the body y'know? (holds up two more fingers on the Vince side) So It's really just about the math.
4	Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
4	I guess it's worth a try.
3	Damn! (stands up) The tailpipe's not hot enough to light this!
1	Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
3	Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
0	So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
1	Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
1	Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
1	Whoever has the biggest boobs, has the biggest bra, therefore has the biggest wire.
1	If you wanna get back in the car, we need the wire, your call.
2	Okay, Monica's are the biggest.
0	These tiny, little non-breasts?! Please, it's gotta be Rachel.
5	What, no, no, no, mine are deceptively small I mean, I-I-I actually sometimes, st-stuff my bra.
0	All right then, your bra would still be big.
1	Okay. I went down to the 'Mattress King' showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.
1	They were in his office.
3	Well she, she wouldn't do that, she's with, she's with me.
1	I'm telling you man, I saw it.
3	Yeah, well, you're wrong! Okay, you're wrong.
1	I'm not wrong! I wish I was. I'm sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn't sound so bad now, huh?
0	It just makes more sense as an ensemble.
0	Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.
2	(running through the door) No! Oh! You're alive! You're alive!
5	See Pheebs, I promised you no one would die, didn't I?
2	Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.
0	Sure, we have no money, go ahead.
2	(on phone) 'Hey! You're not dead! Okay, see ya!'
0	Oh my God! He just said my name! Did you hear that?
4	It gives it a nice antiquey look.
4	Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that. (Rachel giggles at that)
5	Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
4	Yeah. (sees the bill) Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
5	Yeah. That's Daddy.
4	That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
5	Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
5	So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
4	You really serve people sneezers?
4	Thanks again, Dr. Green.
4	Oh, ah, you don't need that.
5	Well, you know I'm not surprised. I mean have you seen them together, they're really cute.
1	Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
5	Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
1	There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
4	Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
1	Yeah, we'll call that Plan B. All right?
5	(she leans over and kisses him on the cheek) Honey, I was wondering....
5	Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?
4	Nooo, I had to return it to the costume place.
4	I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
5	You remember not having sex in high school, right?
5	Well honey, what about you?
5	Monica! Look! Hi! What do ya think? (shows her, her ring)
0	Oh my God, you can't even see where the Titanic hit it.
5	Yes, his name is Barry, he's a doctor, thank you very much.
0	Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations
5	Thank you. So how-how 'bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?
0	Aww, not right now.
5	Oh, but that's okay.
0	So, I'll get-get back to my friend.
5	Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. (points at Chandler, who holds up the cue ball as a 'Remember me?' thing) Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I'm in the city?
0	Oh, that'd be great.
0	Bye! (to Chandler) Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
4	No real-, honey, really it's fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye
2	Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can't. We don't have that....
2	Wow, that's close. When's yours?
4	Okay, I've got three of my five.
5	Three of your five, what?
4	Celebrities I'm allowed to sleep with.
5	Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.
4	Yeah, it's hard okay, I only have two spots left.
3	All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?
4	Okay, Elizabeth Hurely....
3	Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.
3	Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
4	And!! Isabella Rosselini.
4	Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
4	Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
4	Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
4	Actually, no, we're not.
4	Fine. I just need to know that you're not gonna tell your sister.
4	We met at Phoebe's birthday party, I'm, I'm Ross Geller.
0	What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
3	I know, that, (looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily) that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
0	Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
1	Hey, you know about that?!
3	Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
4	(to Joey) Where there is no fear of commitment.
3	Do we have any...(turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest) Do we have any thoughts here?
1	Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
5	Amazingly, that makes sense.
1	Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
3	Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
2	Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
5	Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
1	Come on baby, come on!
5	All right are you guys gonna come down?
4	Uh, yeah, yeah I'll, I'm right behind you.
5	Good luck Chandler.
4	(blows her a kiss) Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
3	Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers.
4	Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here. (they sit on the couch and Ross puts his hands on Chandler's shoulder and thigh.) Okay, you're in bed...
4	I'm gonna use the cushion.
4	Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her (demonstrates on the cushion) and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
3	Okay, the old hug and roll.
3	Okay, one question.
3	You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
0	Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you're doing?
2	I thought you meant in life.
3	The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice. (goes to kick the ball but kicks Ross's foot instead.)
4	Oww!! Son of a...!! Ow! Come on!
3	Sorry. I'm sorry. Y'know what, we're just gonna throw it.
0	Score!! 7 to nothing!
3	No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.
3	(coming up under center, just like a real quarterback does, and puts his hands between Ross's legs.) Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! (Ross stands up and looks at him) You wanna go shotgun?
5	Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for (Ross starts making a lot of noise with a handheld pepper grinder) this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...(stops and looks at Ross)
5	I'm sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I'm sorry but that's... (notices a fire that Ross's candle has started) Oh my God!!
4	(putting out the fire with a squeeze bottle of water) Okay, that's a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
5	(on phone) Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. (hangs up) (to Ross) What are you doing?
4	I'm sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody's off the phone, how 'bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
5	Ross you're not listening to me, I don't have time to stop.
4	Come on Rach, you don't have what, ten minutes?
5	I don't have ten minutes!!
4	What? (to Sophie) Sophie, does she have ten minutes?
5	Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don't!
4	Don't yell at me okay, this is the most I've seen you all week.
5	Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I've got a deadline, would you just go home, I'll talk to you later. (storms out)
5	Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...
0	Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
2	You think you know me so well.
0	Well, don't 'cha wanna?
0	Okay, well I do know you.
2	That's what I said.
2	I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
2	(singing) I stepped in something icky.
4	(to Rachel) I'm really glad we came. (Rachel smiles and rubs his arm) You're so pretty. I love you.
2	(singing) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it's not your fault.
2	I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.
1	These little women. Wow!
3	Your liking it, huh?
1	Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo's manuscript. I don't see how he could ever forgive her.
4	Umm, Jo's a girl, it's short for Josephine.
3	No, actually Laurie's a boy.
1	No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
4	Hey! How'd the ah, basketball go?
2	Oh, okay, I learned how to shoot a lay-up, a foul shot, and a twenty-three pointer.
3	You mean a three pointer?
2	Oh, I get more because I'm dainty.
2	Yeah, in the back. You want a quarter?
3	....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
1	Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.
2	Well, can you dance at all?
1	Yeah, I can dance, y'know. (starts to dance really, really, really badly)
3	Oh no, no, no, no.
2	(covering her mouth in shock) What, what is that?
1	Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.
3	All right, I have to get that, but no-no. (answering phone) Hello? (listens) (happily) Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. (listens) Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? (listens) So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
2	Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
0	It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
1	Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.
3	Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
1	Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
0	Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out. (hands them the poem)
3	Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
5	I'm going for a walk.
4	(to Joey) Good morning. Nice breasts by the way.
5	Oh, ah nothin'. I just felt like hangin' out here and reading.
5	Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
5	I mean you definitely should do that.
4	(to Rachel) So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
5	Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
3	Well, my apartment isn't there anymore, because I drank it.
2	Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
3	Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
3	Ow, no 'woo-hooing,' no 'woo-hooing.'
2	Why, what happened?
3	Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. (Phoebe gasps) Well, that's not the worst part.
0	What is the worse part?
3	I can't remember which sister.
4	(to Rachel) You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! (points to Chandler) This is men!!
0	Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he's actually going to kill you dead.
4	Come on! All the cool kids are eating 'em! (chases after her.)
5	(sitting down next to Chandler) I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
1	Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
5	Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
3	How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
5	Well, I'm also sending out.... good thoughts.
1	If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you've got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
3	He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
5	Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
3	Because, I'm too afraid.
5	I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
3	7:15. (Monica looks at him) Watch doesn't work.
5	Tommy's supposed to be here soon, we're going to lunch.
4	Look. Look, I wasn't going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don't think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
4	No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
4	No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. (Both Monica and Chandler give him a 'Come on' look) I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
3	Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, (claps his hands) banging his hands together!
4	Okay, fine, fine. You don't want to believe me? No, that's fine. (starts to leave)
4	I need juice! People need juice!!
4	It's just I miss her so much.
5	Oh. That's so Monica can keep track. That way if one on them is missing, she can be like, 'Where's number 27?!'
5	Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
5	Oh God. I'm sorry about this.
3	It's-it's about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
1	Well, you're timing couldn't be better. She's not my girlfriend anymore.
1	Yeah, she broke up with me.
1	Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
3	Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
1	Well, I've been better. But, I'm all right. So you like her huh?
3	Yes, but I-I uh, don't have too.
1	No-no-no, no it's uh, it's okay.
1	Yeah. You know why? 'Cause you came to me first.
0	God Ross, what is that?
4	Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
0	I love you, Pete!!!
0	(going up to the ring) Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
4	Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
4	All right! You go get him! Let's go!
0	Hey! (she sits down next to him) It's me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you.
1	Now, wh-what, what is that like?
1	(to Ross) Why can't I find that?
4	Don't ask me, I had it and I blew it!
1	I don't know, maybe I can't. I mean, maybe there's something wrong with me.
1	Then you hold on to it!!
1	All right, congratulations you lucky bastard! (hugs him)
2	(to Joey) You're Frank's best man?!
1	I couldn't help it, there love is so pure.
4	No. No, y'know you don't, you don't wear enough of this. (Rachel is shocked) What?
5	Since when, since when do you think I don't wear enough of this?
4	Well I, close your eyes, I just think you're gonna like this a little better, 'cause, close-close... (He gets some more on the brush)
4	(blows it) Sorry. 'Cause umm, I think this will make you a little more sophisticated.
5	Sophisticated like a hooker?
0	Hey, guess what I'm doing tonight.
0	I'm checking out the restaurant with Pete.
2	Ohh, Monica, I am so excited for you.
2	Ooh, I have to tell you something.
2	But I can't tell you.
0	Okay, but wouldn't it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
2	Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn't tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
0	Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?
1	Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
1	And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
1	Something like that?
4	It's a little early to be drinkin'.
1	No-no, things ah, finally happened with Kate.
0	You're kidding?! That's great!
1	Oh, it was so amazing. After the (pause) love making...
1	Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming 'cause, 'cause her eyes keep going like this. (He closes his eyes and moves them around, kinda like he's been processed by the devil, or something.)
5	Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
2	Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
1	(looking through a deck of cards) Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
0	(entering) Oh my God! What happened?
3	Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
5	(to Monica) So, how was your date?
0	Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
0	Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
5	Oh honey, I'm sorry.
0	No, it's okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
5	Ohh! That's so great!
4	(entering) Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
3	Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
2	It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
2	I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
3	Yeah Bunny-rabbit.
1	(To Mr. Treeger) So you ah, ready for our last practice?
1	Look, you wanna use our place?
1	I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
1	Oh well, okay, good luck.
1	Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?
1	Go get 'em Treeger.
4	Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
3	We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
0	Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
3	(jumping up) Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
3	I am totally picturing you with all those women!
0	That's-that's not Phase Three.
3	Well, I'm there too!
5	Well, are we all together? Like in a group?
3	Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
2	Oh! What is that? What is that?
3	Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
3	Come on, let me see that smile.
1	I wanted to go to the strip club!
3	I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
2	Hey - ooh so, how was Vermont?
0	You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! (Joey leaves) All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
0	Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, (to the kitchen worker from earlier) And you! Get the swordfish! (to another assistant chef) And you! Get a haircut!
4	(waking up) What? (notices that there is now a beautiful woman sitting next to him)
4	(now fully awake) Are we really in Montreal?!
4	Coffee sounds great. (They get up) Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?
1	Well I guess I should've thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
1	Yep! Looks like it's gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
1	Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
4	And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
1	We're 29, we're not women.
0	(entering) Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
0	I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
0	Or! A bakery delivery person.
0	All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
0	Okay. I'm guessing that if you don't want to deliver, you probably don't want to pick stuff up either.
0	Y'know what, let's do the catering business.
2	Really?! Are you sure?
0	Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
2	Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.
0	No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss
1	That's okay. Chandler's the one I'm mad at.
2	Oh, he-he can't talk right now.
2	He's just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
5	Joey, had reasons.
2	They were threefold.
1	(starting to cry) Open the box!! (Runs over to do so.)
1	He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! (He opens the box) Get out of there!
1	Yeah, we're gonna be fine! Get out!
1	Yeah, you did some real good thinkin' in there.
0	I lost our mattresses.
0	Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
5	Y'know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
1	Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
5	That is not true. She did! She forced me!
0	Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
5	Well it stupid, unfair question!
4	Don't blame the questions!
1	Yeah! I'm fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave, but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach, how you doin'?
5	I'm doin' good, baby. How you doin'?
1	Ross, don't let her drink anymore! (Exits)
4	Ohh, here's that Macadamia nut!
4	(he puts it in his mouth) Nope! Something else. (Throws it back under the bed.)
5	Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?
4	I wanna get out of the room! Y'know, I I really miss downstairs.
5	Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room.
4	Well hello! I'm Ross!
4	Excuse me sir, you've got a little something right here. (He points to the corner of his mouth and they both laugh.)
2	I won! I won! I finally won!
2	Fine! Here! Take a hike toots! (Gives back her quarter.)
2	(quietly) Sells drugs to kids.
2	She sells drugs to kids. (The guard looks at the lurker.)
1	To her parent's I think and she said you shouldn't call her. But if I were you I would.
3	I can't believe I ruined this.
0	You wanted it to be a surprise.
0	Chandler In all my life I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to fall in love with my best my best There's a reason why girls don't do this!
3	Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
1	(yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We're dying out here!
0	Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We're engaged!!!
5	Ohhh, this is the least jealous I've ever been!
2	Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn't here!
3	I'm the ruptured spleen. (Laughs.)
0	Why would you do that?
3	Because you shouldn't be with him. (Pause.) You should be with me.
3	Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
3	I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor "
0	There was just one woman, wasn't there?
3	No, there were two.
4	We?! We angered it?!
4	What was, what was that?
0	Oh, right! I completely forgot about that.
5	No, I stuff outside the bra.
3	Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
2	All right, forget it, nevermind, you can have mine.
5	(seeing him) Chandler, what are you doing? There is a trash can right there.
3	Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
1	Thank you Phoebe, that is very, very generous.
3	Okay, now let's decide who has the nicest ass.
1	(opening the door) And there you go!
3	At least let me smoke it to the good part.
5	What, what's it, what's going on?
2	Yeah, this has happened before.
5	So you know how to fix it?
2	Yep. Put more gas in.
5	Okay, I heard that.
0	Did he just say 'Monica bang'?
0	Oh my God! He's gonna rat me out!
0	Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It's no big deal, it's not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. (goes over and starts hitting her head on the post) Ow, Monica bang! (does it again) Everybody bang. (repeats) Ben bang. (repeats) Rachel bang. (repeats) Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn't that fun?
5	(goes over and hits her head on the post) Look at that! (repeats) Look at that! (repeats) We all do it. (repeats) Okay, I'm stopping now.
5	Oh yeah! Y'know, if it's not a headboard, it's just not worth it.
3	Ah, I don't know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.
3	You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
3	Joey told me, he saw you two kissing.
3	No! In his office! How many kisses were there?
4	The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness.
4	Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
5	Yeah it is, it is. (to Ross) We really, really have to do something about that.
5	Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
4	Nothing I do means anything, really.
4	Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
1	Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' (Does it by raising one eyebrow, and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
1	Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.
5	I mean do you have any fun, you know, fantasy type things?
5	Come on you gotta have one!
5	Ross, you know what...
5	...if you tell me, I might do it.
4	Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
4	Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
2	Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
2	Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
5	Did you ever do the-the Leia thing?
2	Oh, yeah, um-mm. Oh!
5	Really! That-that great huh?
2	No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
4	Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
0	Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. (Ben starts crying.) Don't cry. Don't cry. (To Ross) Why is he still crying?
4	Let me hold him for a sec. There. (Ben stops crying) Huh? There we are.
4	Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.
3	You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
4	There we go. All better. (gives Ben back to Monica)
0	There's my little boy. (Ben starts crying again)
1	I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.
4	She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.
4	She lent me an egg once.
3	Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian - I don't think we need a third...
1	Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
1	Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
3	I think it's winning.
4	I think it's insane.
3	She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend.
3	No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.
2	So what are they doing?
4	I don't know, something girlie.
2	(to Monica, who's entering) Hey, you're early.
0	What are you doing with the lamp?
2	I'm just taking it to be re-wired.
0	Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.
2	No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.
2	You don't play the oboe!
2	Then I'm gonna have to ask you to keep it down. (slams the door in his face.)
0	Thank you soo, much.
3	Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
3	So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.
5	Yeah, 'cause that's why you won't get Isabella Rosselini, geography.
2	Okay so, by melting, you meant melting.
2	Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?
2	Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I'm just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.
2	Here. (gives him a fire extinguisher) Y'know, just in case.
0	What kind of karate is that?
2	No kind. He just makes it up.
0	So how's it going with you guys?
4	I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?
4	Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
4	Thank you, thank you.
4	(angrily) Who's your roommate?
4	Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
0	It's okay, it's okay.
0	We were just waxing our legs.
2	For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
3	Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
2	(on phone, in 'Katelynn's' voice) 'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
2	(in voice, on phone) 'Okay, go ahead.' (in normal voice on phone) Um, hi Annie. (listens) Fantastic! (to Joey) You got it. (on phone) Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, (Joey clears his throat to signify yes) except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next....(hangs up phone) Op, went through a tunnel.
2	It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
1	You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
2	Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
1	Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
1	Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
2	Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right
3	'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. (hands her a present)
1	Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
5	(Looks at him) You're so pretty.
2	Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
1	(with food in his mouth) You talked to him. Are you crazy?
2	Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
3	Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
2	Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
4	Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
2	No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
1	(with his mouthful) Hey, I didn't stalk her. I mean (he sprays Phoebe with crumbs)
2	Okay, I asked for the news, not the weather.
0	Joey, this is for you. (gives him a jar of jam) It's blackberry curin.
3	Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked (holds up one hand), or, or a big tub of jam. (holds up the other hand)
1	Put your hands together.
5	(proud of her self) I almost caught that one!
3	Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
4	Okay, (to Chandler) this play, I want you to do a down and out to the right. Okay. Break!
5	Wait, what am I gonna do?
4	Until we start to look very small.
4	One-Mississippi, two-Mississippi, switch! Switch! Switch!!
3	No, no, no, no, no!
1	Haaaaa! Hey-hey, thanks for stopping our ball.
1	Yeah! Wow, your like from a whole other country.
1	I'm sorry Dutch, I didn't get that last little bit.
4	No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.
5	(throws her stuff down) I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
4	For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
4	Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
5	But I told you, I didn't have the time!
4	Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
5	Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
4	No, but it'd be nice if you realised, it's just a job!
5	Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
4	No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
4	Is this about Mark?
4	Okay, it's not, it's not.
2	Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
2	That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up. (she turns her guitar upside down to play it.)
0	Oh, can I borrow this? (points to his milk) My milk's gone bad.
3	Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
0	So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
3	Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
0	Sounds like she's got the ah, whole package.
3	Joey told you about the leg, huh?
3	Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
3	(to Monica) Actually he's the smallest person in the world.
1	(noticing Chandler) What are you doing? (he pushes Chandler back to his side of the couch) Get back over on your side of the... (sees Robert in all his glory) Hello!! (to Robert) Hi, I'm Joey, we haven't met.
2	What? (the guys keep laughing.) What? You guys, what is going on? You not like Robert? (the guys keep laughing.) Why are you laughing?!
4	Calm down. There's no reason to get testy.
2	You guys!! Come on!
3	I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
1	Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
0	So, how'd the lasagne go over? (listens) Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. (listens) Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. (listens) I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. (listens) It's a word!
0	Yeah, I do think it's better this way. (listens) Yeah, we're being smart. (gets up to answer the door) (listens) Yes, I'm sure.(she opens the door and it's Richard)
0	I'll call you back. (starts kissing him)
0	So we can be friends who sleep together.
0	Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
1	(reading) The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
3	To yourself. (finishing) Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good.
0	Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?
0	Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work. (tries to take the poem)
1	Whoa, I'm not done.
0	All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
2	Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!
3	What, what, what?!
2	What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, (reading) 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
3	You really think that is what he meant?
2	Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too.
5	Awww, stop. Come on. Now go shave that head!
1	What's the matter, Pheebs?
2	She cancelled! My namesake cancelled on me!
2	Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She's avoiding me, she doesn't want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won't tell me.
5	Aww Pheebs, that sucks!
2	Yeah, well, don't "Aww Pheebs, that sucks!"me yet. (she starts to leave)
2	Well, she's out of town so, there's gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
4	Uh, Pheebs, some people call that breaking and entering.
2	Well, are any of those people here?!
2	Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I'll-I'll fill her ice trays.
3	Okay! You don't think I thought of that?
2	How can you not know which one?
5	I mean that's unbelievable.
0	I mean, was it Gina?
5	Dark, big hair, with the airplane earrings.
0	No, no, no, that's Dina.
3	(to Monica) You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha!!
2	We didn't fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
3	Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
3	Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry.
1	(angrily entering, to Chandler) Can I talk to you for a second?!
3	Why can't we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.
1	I just got off the phone with my sister.
4	Ah, which, which one?
0	Y'know which one was she again?
5	Can't I just look at the handles on them?
5	Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
3	(to Joey) Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying for coffee? (Joey shrugs his shoulders.)
4	....and 12, 22, 18, four... (Chandler starts laughing) What?
3	I spelled out boobies.
0	(comes up and starts looking through Ross's cookie supply) Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
4	Ah, we're out. I sold them all.
4	Monica, I'm cutting you off.
0	No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it's no big deal, all right, I'm-I'm cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
4	Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
0	(covers her neck) Oh God! (runs to the bathroom)
3	So, how many have you sold so far?
4	Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
3	Oh my God, how did you do that?
4	Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'the munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the NYU dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me: 'Cookie Dude!'
4	You don't want to believe me, I'm Mr. Funny to you. Mr. Funny (turns around and almost spills his coffee on Tommy)
5	(not seeing Ross) What's your favourite thing about summertime?
0	Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
5	Tommyyyy! Say, what's your favourite thing about summer?
3	Ohh, that's a good one.
1	Sorry! Sorry, I'm late; sorry, I'm late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.
1	(surprised it's Lauren) (hugs her) (whispering) Where's Kate?
0	(looks around) Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I'm gonna say, midget rodeo.
0	Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
0	So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
0	I so wanna be attracted to you.
0	Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
3	Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
1	But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So
3	See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
3	It's me. I'm the other guy.
3	Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and
1	And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
3	No! No! No! I just kissed her.
1	What?!! That's even worse!!
3	How is that worse?!
1	I don't know! But it's the same!
3	Look, I'm sorry! But there's nothing I can do, I think I'm in love with her!
1	Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
3	You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
1	Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
0	I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.
0	Well, you're not gonna get going are you?
0	That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
0	You didn't know that already?
0	Okay, just get a lot better. (pause) Fast.
0	Yeah. That-that was the problem.
4	Hey! How long until Pete's fight?
0	Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
2	Well then, (to Ross) what about you?! Huh?!
4	I'm the ring bearer.
2	Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency. (Points to the table cloth, which has a huge mustard stain on it.)
2	Yeah, I know. It's a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?
2	Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.
2	Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
0	What the hell is this? (holding up the check)
0	Does it have to do with Joey?
0	Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?
2	No, but let's come back to that later!
4	There you go! Good enough for your party, huh?
5	Sure, I'll just sit next to the trans-sexual from purchasing.
4	Okay, come on! All right, I gotta go! So good luck at the party. Okay?
5	Oh wait, Ross, would you just stay and help me get dressed?
5	Okay. Okay, great! Umm, okay, just turn around.
5	I don't want you to see me naked!
4	Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
5	Yeah, but that was different. Y'know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it's weird.
4	Rach, y'know I can see you naked any time I want.
3	(entering with Rachel) I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
5	Ohh, gee. I wonder why she thinks you're going to call her?
3	That's what you say at the end of a date.
5	You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
3	To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
0	Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
5	Well, they always called.
5	Okay, okay. Umm, well ah, maybe he, maybe he feels awkward because you are my boss.
4	(seeing Phoebe still with cat) You didn't tell her?! (They all kinda shy away.) Okay, fine! Pheebs?
4	Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
5	I'm sorry, sweetie. (shows her the flyer)
0	Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
2	Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
4	No! No! Look - Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
2	(she turns around and puts the cat on the entertainment center) Ross, how many parents have you lost?
2	Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
4	I don't know what to say.
5	You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
2	I think she would like that.
4	(goes over to Julio) Come here, here, come here, come here, (pause) Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
2	Thank you. We both forgive you.
5	So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
2	Yeah, they thought I was a whore.
2	Great! Thank you very much.
4	Emily is incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. (Sees Rachel coming back from the bathroom.) Oh! And you! Rach!
4	Hey! You were so right!
4	Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
4	I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy
4	Joshua guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda y'know.
4	But now! I'm there! I'm totally there! I'm-I'm finally where you are!
5	Oh, thank goodness!
4	Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.
5	Oh, no problem. I'm so glad I could help. Happy for you. (She playfully punches him.)
5	No, happy for you! (Hits him harder.)
2	I-I wanna be with her, (points to the stripper next to her) I like her.
3	Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
0	Wait, now, what am I doing again?
3	Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
5	Oh, hi Mrs. Lynch! Is Joanna in already?
5	Oh my God! Oh, I cannot believe it!
5	Oh, God. Oh, God. (gets worried) Oh God.
5	Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us - nothing about an assistant buyer?
5	Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna
0	Umm, I just wanna say, uh (reads from a 3 X 5 card) that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... (Looks up and sees eveyone glaring at her) Are you gonna kill me?
1	Now go! 'Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you're secret Santa! (Chandler runs out and closes the door.)
1	All right, who got Chandler? 'Cause I uh, need to trade.
0	Oh, he's catching up to her!
2	Oh, she sees him! Oh, they're hugging!
4	He's taking her purse!
1	Uhh, that's not them. I'm gonna go call the police.
2	Oh, there they are!
2	All right, get a room.
3	Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
5	Will you stop calling it your apartment!
1	But it is our apartment!
2	You guys! You guys! You're gonna have a baby! They're gonna have a baby!
2	Okay, but this can't be good for the baby.
0	I can't find garbage bags!
5	Oh, I think I saw some in here.
5	I don't know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it'll die.
0	I can't believe we're living here!
3	What?! What-what is it?!
1	Did you see the size of the closets?!
3	I can't believe we live here!
2	How about we talk about this over dinner?
2	No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!!
0	Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
3	Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! (Picks up a blue sweater.) Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
0	You're so efficient. I love you!
0	No-no-no! We need something old!
3	Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
0	Okay, now we just need something borrowed!
3	(looks around) Here just take this. (Hands her the sweater.)
5	Oh hell, he's done this three times! He knows what its about!
0	What are you talking about?
0	And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
0	My parents will be so happy.
2	I don't know, he just started kissing me. Get him! Get him, Vince!
2	Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
2	Well, this is none of my business. (starts to walk away)
4	Ahh. (notices the table) Ooh, is this a ah, is this a bad time?
4	Oh! I thought you guys got married in uh, January?
4	Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
4	Oh yeah, I'd love that.
4	I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job. (he sits down at the table.)
2	Okay, yeah. (to Monica and Rachel) Triple A can pick us up.
2	Yeah, what town are we near?
3	Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
3	I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? (Janice shakes her head no) Are you finished with him? (Janice shakes her head no) Do you still love him? (Janice shakes her head yes) Do you still love me? (Janice shakes her head yes) All right look, (grabs the bag) I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? (his phone starts to ring)
2	(rushing in) Okay. If you're alive you answer your phone!
0	Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
5	Monica, number one, I don't think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I... (Joey starts laughing in the background) (to Joey) What?!
1	You said number two.
5	I also said number one.
4	How's my little boy?
1	You bet! What's the part?
5	You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.
4	Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
5	Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. (Ross groans and rubs his neck) Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
4	Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.
4	Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
2	I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
5	All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
4	Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
5	Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
4	Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
5	Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
4	Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
5	Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!! (starts to cry)
4	Okay, okay, okay. (hugs her) I'll get the bagels.
5	Why aren't you at work?
0	Oh, they-they sent me home.
0	Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.
5	You really, really need to get some sleep, honey.
4	They published my paper.
5	Oh, really, let me see, let me see.
2	Rach, look! (she holds two buns up to her ears to make her hair look like the Princess Leia 'do.) Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. (Ross stands up horrified) There he is.
1	Fortune! This guy is so stupid. (yelling) It's Count Rushmore!!
3	You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
1	I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
1	Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
3	You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
1	No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. (walks into the kitchen, Chandler follows closely, he turns around and gets startled). Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair (holds his hands up to signify she has big hair)?
3	Can I uh see something? (Takes Ben. When he puts him close to Monica, Ben cries. When he moves Ben away, he stops crying. He does that a couple times.)
0	He hates me. My nephew hates me.
4	Come on, don't do this.
0	What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
3	Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. (Monica glares at him.) Joey, she does not look fat.
0	(to Chandler) Here you go. (Sets a drink down in front of him.)
1	(imitating Ben) Waah!! (Chandler moves the basketball away) Goo, goo, goo. (Chandler moves the basketball in front of Monica again.) Waaah!
0	That is so funny. Let me see that a sec. (She throws the ball out the window)
4	I don't know. What's in this pie?
0	Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi...
4	Kiwi? Kiwi? You said it was a key lime pie.
0	No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.
4	And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.
0	No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and...
4	Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.
0	You can not do this.
0	Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
5	No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
2	'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
0	But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
5	Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
1	Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
3	Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
1	No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
3	Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
1	Pathetic mess? I know, but - come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! (Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.) Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
3	Yes! Way to go, man! (Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.) Still got the egg, huh?
3	Oh, uh, I... don't... care. (Joey's date shows up) Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
3	Oh, don't thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
0	You want some help with that?
1	Oh, no thanks, I got it. (picks it up) No I don't!
0	Whoa! Are you okay?
1	Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head rush.
0	It's the heat. (has her hand on his chest, and then pulls it away) And-and the humidity.
1	That's a uh, that's a tough combination.
0	Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?
1	Like you wouldn't believe. (they go into the apartment) Wow! This is a great place.
0	Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.
0	This place is really my Grandmother's. (Joey starts to take off all of his clothes, while Monica gets the glasses and pours the lemonade.) I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
0	(turning around) Okay, here's your penis!
0	Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!
1	You said, you wanna come in for some lemonade?
2	So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
0	Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and....(Phoebe shakes her head like she doesn't understand) That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
0	Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.
2	Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
0	Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
2	I don't have time for this.
0	No, that is what the game is.
2	Which you just gave up really quickly.
3	(entering) Have you seen Joey?
1	(yelling from bathroom) Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.
0	He's retiling my floor. (they both run to the bathroom)
3	Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!
0	Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.
1	Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
2	Oh yeah, come here. (Puts a little wax on Joey's arm and puts a strip on it.)
1	Okay, fine, so now what, I just pull it off?
4	(forcing the door open) Come on, Rachel, come on! Talk to me! Please!!
5	I can't talk to you. I can't even look at you right now!
0	(going over to listen at the door) Rachel said everything was okay.
2	(to Joey) What, what are they talking about?
5	Just get away from me!
4	No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
5	A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?!
2	Whe-where did he put it?!
5	Ross, you had sex with another woman!
3	Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. (gives her a drawer) See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
3	Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
3	Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
3	Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
3	I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
3	It doesn't scare me!
3	Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! (Janice leaves, Chandler then calls Janice to leave a message on her machine) Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. (runs out the door)
5	Honey, this will help. (hands him a tub of ice cream)
3	So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
0	Joey, take your time with that. That's my last batch.
5	Well, what happened to your jam plan?
0	I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
3	Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
4	What are you talking about?
0	I'm talking about me having a baby.
0	Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
4	Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
0	It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
3	That, that's what's stupid.
0	I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
5	Down at the docks again?
3	(running up) Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. (sees Marhan) Hi, I'm Chandler.
1	Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
0	Come on guys! Let's go! Come on, it's second down.
4	Uh, hello, it's third down.
0	No it's not, it's second.
4	It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.
0	Pulling what? It's second down.
4	Okay, it's second down. (turns away) Take all the second downs you need.
4	Well, I said it loud.
3	Well, that went well.
3	Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.
1	Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
5	Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
4	Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
5	I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
4	Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, (goes to the door) let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something.. (opens the door)
5	No. (Ross is standing in the doorway.) A break from us.
3	And that's the only colour that comes in.
3	So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.
4	Yeah, little change in plans. Ahh, we're gonna break-up instead.
1	(to Chandler) Heard about the leg burnin' huh?
1	Listen, I ah, I know it's a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?
4	(entering) So I nodded off a little.
5	Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
4	Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
5	Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
4	First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
5	Okay, see now, what I just heard: blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
4	Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.
4	No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island. (Makes an unusual sound, then he realises that he still has his jacket on and quickly tries to shake it off, thinking it's alive and attacking him.)
5	Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
4	No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
5	It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? (Ross looks confused) I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
0	'Cause if you do that means you'd be cancelling it for me, and we're just friends.
2	Hey. Ooh! Don't sit down!
2	Yeah. And, first here's a gift.
3	Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
2	That's all right, that's well, I figured.... (they start to leave as Joey enters.)
1	Hey! (starts to laugh.) How's it going?
5	Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
1	Oooh, the next part's the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
5	Oh, yeah, sure, it's umm... (she picks up this bug and it starts to play the theme from Love Story)
4	It's from Ross, it's a love bug.
5	Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.
4	I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
5	All right Ross!! I get it!!
4	...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
5	Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
4	Wh-haa-haa! Look what 'cha did! (Rachel has her hand over her mouth to keep from laughing.)
4	Nooo, but it, but it's great.
4	Okay. (He gently touches it.) You can feel all the bones in your skull.
4	I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that's right, that's right, it was you!
4	She said you gave her the razor!
4	Okay, have fun! Wooo!!
5	Come on see, she doesn't look that bad.
3	It's gotta be the first one.
1	Really? That's great! You and my sister, sittin' in a tree.
3	Yep, I'm in a tree.
5	Did he call? Did Mark call?
0	No honey, I'm sorry, but the weekend's not over yet.
5	Oh. (we hear laughing from the upstairs apartment) Oh my God, is that Phoebe?
0	I guess they're back from their date.
0	I am good. I finished my book.
5	Oh yeah, what's it about?
0	I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
4	Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. (to Chandler) What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
3	Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
4	All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
3	What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
3	(shocked) Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
5	(entering) Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
4	Well hey, who did these resumes for ya?
3	Me! On my computer.
4	Well you sure used a large font.
3	Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
5	Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
3	Something else I might have said?
5	I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
4	Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
5	No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
3	You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
5	You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
1	(entering, interrupting Rachel) Hey! I got great news!
3	Run, Joey! Run for your life! (runs out)
1	Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
1	(grabs the window from the outside and sticks his head in) (whispering) When is she leaving?
3	Why don't you use ours across the hall, 'cause she has problems.
4	(coming out of the kitchen with a cup of coffee, almost running into Tommy) Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
4	No, but it's-it's-it's hot!
5	Ross, would you just stop it! It's getting really old.
4	I can't believe no one believes me!
2	I do, I believe you.
2	Yeah. But I also believed her (points to the phone) when she said I was next.
3	I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. (He blows on his hand) Draw!! (He quickly pulls the lever to raise the foot rest, like a gunfighter in a Western.)
3	(to Joey) I wasn't doing anything. (Joey starts angrily throwing his stuff down.) Uh-oh, what did she do now?
1	Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she's like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread!
3	Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.
1	God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, 'Oh, I'm so talented.' and 'Oh, I'm so pretty,' and 'Ooh, I smell so good.'
3	I think somebody has a crush on somebody.
1	Hey, Chandler, can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Y'know?
3	I'm talking about you. You big, big freak.
1	Oh. (realises) Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.
3	Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
1	Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
3	Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
1	Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
1	Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.)
2	Oh my God, he's lost it. He's totally lost it.
4	Thank you, thanks. (Sits down next to the girls) Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, (to Phoebe) would you, can you finish my set?
2	After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help.
4	I played bad on purpose guys.
0	Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.
4	Yeah - no, just that last song.
0	Four, please. (Ross looks at her) I'm really nervous. (Ross gives her the four dogs) Thank you. (she grabs four buns, and heads back inside)
2	So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?
4	What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn't expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn't expecting to like anyone right now, but she's really terrific.
2	Ohh, that's too bad!
4	No, I-I'm saying I liked her.
2	Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.
4	Pheebs, I think she's great. Okay? We're going out again.
2	Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
3	(joining them) Hey! Which one's my turkey burger?
4	Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.
1	(sticking his head out the window) Hey, the fight's starting!
4	Okay, we'll be right in. (to Chandler) So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
0	Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?
0	You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
0	Okay, umm, you're a loon.
0	'Cause I don't want to encourage this kind of behaviour.
2	Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
4	All I have to do is close my eyes. See? (closes his eyes) Woo-hoo!!
5	Come on! I don't want you thinking of me like that any more!
4	Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It's one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend. (closes his eyes again) Oop, oh yeah!
5	Stop it! Cut it out! Cut it out!
4	Okay, okay, I'm sorry, it will never happen... (closes eyes) Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I'm the king.
4	Come on, would you grow up? It's no big deal.
5	O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
5	That's it. (She crawls onto the bed) Ow!!!
4	Easy. Easy. You have to go to the hospital. Okay?
4	Okay, I'm gonna get your coat and then I'll-I'll put you in a cab.
5	(grabbing the magazine out of his hands) Call her! Call her now!
3	Multiple, so many paper cuts.
5	Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
3	(sarcastic) Oh, well give me the phone then.
5	Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
3	Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
5	Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
3	Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
5	I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
3	All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
3	That's just a lot of big talk, y'know.
0	(from the bathroom) I'm in the shower!
4	Oh, fire! There, there's a fire! Fire!!
1	So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
2	Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you're welcome to come back anytime.
3	Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we'd really appreciate it. (Joey nods in agreement)
2	Come on, Mom, I'll take you home.
4	Oh! Y'know, I've got an extra futon.
1	Dude, you don't have to brag! We got nothing here!!
5	No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
3	No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.
3	Okay, one thing at a time. (They run out to get married.)
1	(sitting down) Ahhh! (Slides his hands across the table.)
1	No-no, I don't really have any money. Not yet, anyway (Shakes his hands.)
1	(throws down a small wad of money, and as his hand twin starts to unfold it, Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Y'know, looking at it now, they really don't have that similar of hands. Joey's are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)
2	(entering and sitting down at the table.) Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? (Looks down) Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
2	Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
1	Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
1	Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
2	No, you threw out Phoebe. I'm Ms. Regina Phalange. Phalange!
1	Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! (Being dragged out by the guard) I'm your hand twin!!
3	Hello! One marriage please!
0	Yep, we wanna get married!
2	Well, I made you a candle light dinner in the park.
2	(to Vince) Well, that could've been really awkward.
2	Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I'm gonna do that for you.
3	(comforting the duck) Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
1	Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
0	Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?
2	(to Monica) Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
5	Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.
2	Okay. (on phone) We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. (to Rachel) There is no Route 27. (listens) (to Rachel) Okay, either 93 or 76?
5	I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.
2	Okay. (on phone) Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? (listens) Okay! (hangs up) Yeah, no they don't do that.
5	Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
0	Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
5	No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
5	No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
2	Oh good, oh Joey and Chandler are back.
0	So the going for help went well?
1	Oh yeah, Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.
3	I have the lung capacity of a two year old. (starts to light another cigarette.)
5	He's perfect, he's never been better.
4	(noticing the outfit he is wearing) What'd you do, take him whaling?
4	Oh my God, he just said your name, that's great! Good job Ben.
0	Oh that's right, that's what I'd sound like if I exploded.
2	Woo-Hoo! The curse is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is alive.
1	Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still. (Phoebe runs to the window and gasps.)
2	Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
5	Well maybe he's just taking a nap.
1	I'm tellin' ya, he hasn't moved since this morning.
0	All right, we should call somebody.
4	And tell them what? The naked guy we stare at all the time isn't moving.
5	Well, we have gotta find out if he's alive.
0	How are we gonna do that? There's no way.
1	Well, there is one way. His window's open, I say, we poke him.
1	Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
2	Isn't it cool! Varoom! Varoom!
0	This is not the bed I ordered!
2	I know, you must've won like a contest or something!
0	Why is this car in my bedroom?
2	I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
0	When did I sign for it?
2	When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!
0	Did you make brownies today?
0	(to Phoebe) Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.
3	Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. (enters and sees the bed) Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
3	Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
1	Look, I don't hate Janice, she's-she's just a lot to take, you know.
3	Well, there you go.
1	Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
3	Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! (Joey stares at him) Don't worry, those are the right letters.
1	Look, what do you want me to say?
3	I want you to say that you like her!
1	I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna (grimaces and tenses up) pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
3	Thanks for trying. (grabs the ticket and starts to leave) Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
1	Yeah, then-then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain? (Chandler gives him a look like 'You stupid idiot!')
4	How could you have told her?
5	Ross, I didn't think it would that big of a deal.
4	Oh, she didn't think it would be that big of deal.
5	Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
4	Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
5	You have no respect for anybody's privacy!
3	Rachel, wait, wait.
5	No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
3	Can I just say one thing?
3	That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
2	Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
2	Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
5	He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
3	No-no-no-no, we're done.
1	Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
4	Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! (snaps fingers)
2	Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. (Joey grimaces)
3	And, we're done with the yogurt. (Sets yogurt down on table)
2	(softly) Sorry. (Camera pans back to Monica, still on phone)
2	Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
2	Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
0	Oh my God. (Grabs Phoebe and turns her away) Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
2	Where? (Turns to face him) Ooh, come to Momma.
0	He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool.
2	We should do something. Whistle.
0	We are not going to whistle.
0	Is your tongue swelling up?
4	Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.
0	All right, get your coat, we're gonna go to the hospital.
0	Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
4	(sitting back down) You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
4	What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
1	What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
3	Well, I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.
4	Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
4	??? (speech garbled) Thro up a thro thro - a thro thro!
3	You understood that?
1	Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.
3	Is he the one with the beautiful wife?
2	Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.
3	Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
3	...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
5	Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
5	Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
3	Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
2	Yeah, I think so, yeah.
4	Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
5	Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
2	Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. (plays a chord, then the lights go out) OK, thank you very much.
5	Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
0	Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
5	Wow, you guys, this is big.
0	(into phone) Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. (hangs up)
2	Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. (to Monica) What's my number?
3	...And what did you bring?
3	(angrily) Hey, it's Janice.
3	Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
1	No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
3	Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
1	(at the urinal) Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
3	I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. (gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear) Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
5	Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
0	Which one was Pete Carney?
5	Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. (imitating) "Was it good for you?"
0	Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. (imitating) "I win! I win!"I went out with the guy for two months - I didn't get to win once.
1	Whoa, ah!! We're you just gonna give me some lemonade?
0	Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!
0	I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
1	Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
0	It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
2	It's not in the apartment? (Monica gives a 'Come on' look) Oh no. I can't believe this is happening again.
2	Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I've, I don't live here anymore.
0	What are you talking about?
2	I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
2	That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
0	Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
2	Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
3	He started mine first!
2	Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.
2	Yeah. (phone rings and Phoebe answers it) 'Hello. (listens) Oh my God, I totally forgot! (listens) Well can't someone else do it. (listens) But, I have company. (listens) Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' (hangs up phone) Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
2	Oh! I'm a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.
2	Well, y'know we don't call it that, but yeah!
2	All righty. I'll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?
2	No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
2	No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
0	It's beautiful! It's like the first bathroom floor there ever was. (Chandler tries to go to the bathroom) Whoa! Are you going in there for?
2	Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
3	Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
0	Oh!! (hits Chandler and Joey in the head) You guys knew about this and you didn't tell us?!
3	(to Joey) He has sex, and we get hit in our heads.
5	(opening the door) Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
5	Just get out! Now!!
4	No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
5	Okay! All right! How was she?
5	Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
3	She was not good. Not good.
1	She was nothing compared to you.
4	She, she was different.
0	That is never good.
3	Then I got all needy and clingy.
5	Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?
3	She said she'd call me.
0	Welcome to our side of the tunnel.
3	This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
5	Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
0	You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
3	So, you don't think I'm terminal?
0	Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
3	Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
5	This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
0	She has to know that your not ready.
5	Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
3	So I'm not, not gonna lose her?
2	Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
2	Oh, yeah. What's this? (picks up a book)
2	Um, not even a little bit.
2	Good. So what were you thinking?
3	No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard.
3	Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
1	Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
3	Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
1	Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
3	Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
4	Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
5	Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
4	Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?
5	Can I see that for second.
1	What the hell's the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
3	Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
1	All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
0	Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? (Mischa laughs) Why? What did I say?
0	Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.
2	(laughing and banging her spoon on the table) Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.
2	You didn't say Boutros Boutros Gali.
2	Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
0	I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
2	Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please. (Behind the menu) What are you doing?
0	Well, I was having a conversation.
2	Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven't been able to say two words to each other.
0	What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
4	That's a little clearer.
5	Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
3	No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
3	No. No. I don't think so.
3	That's-that's my nubbin.
3	It's kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing.
3	Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... (starts to kiss her again, but she gets up.) Ahh, what?
3	You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?
5	Oh, no, meh-nah-nah-nah, come on you're gonna ruin it!
1	All right I'll talk in code. (to Ross and Chandler) Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
3	Hmmm, that's very cool.
1	Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
5	Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
3	I can't believe she cracked your code!
5	All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
1	Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
1	Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
3	No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel?
4	Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
5	No. She doesn't die.
1	Then why would you say that?!
4	I would never do that!
5	Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
4	Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.
4	Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
3	Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
4	What am I going to do?
3	Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
4	I don't know you guys.
3	All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
1	And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, (sadly) 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
3	He paints quite a picture doesn't he?
4	You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
4	You don't know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
5	All right! Ross, do you think it's easy for me to see you with somebody else?
4	Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
5	Oh, y-yeah, so, you-you love me!
4	Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
5	Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know. Ross, I still can't forgive you for what you did, I can't, I just, but sometimes when I'm with you I just, I feel so...
5	I just, I feel, I-I just...
3	(to Joey) Noo!! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
5	Well! Good night. (to Ross) I'm going upstairs.
1	(to Ross) Wanna play strip poker for practice?
2	Ow! My ass. Okay. Okay. (She manages to climb completely inside and the window slams shut.) Oh, shhh!
2	No! No!! It's me! It's me! I-I didn't want to make any noise!
1	Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
3	I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
1	You are so the man! (motions him to come in, and he does) Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
3	Where's Mary-Angela?
1	She's right in there. (motions to the living room)
5	I can't believe Mark didn't call. It's Sunday night, and he didn't call.
5	(to Ross) Yeah, right. Look at you, you're practically giddy.
4	No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
0	Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. (they both look up in shock) I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
4	But, you, you don't want to seem too pushy.
0	(to Ross) Honey, it's not pushy, he gave her his home number.
4	(to Rachel, as she gets his number) What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?
5	Yeah, and you don't mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
4	That's right good things, that-that is what I said. (glances at Monica)
1	What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
1	Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
5	Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
1	And now for the great news.
4	What, that wasn't the great news?
1	Only if you think it's better than this... (holds up an aerosol can) snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
1	Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it's a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.
2	(running up carrying a tree) Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don't want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one. (points to the almost dead tree she has)
2	Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
1	Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
3	Step away from the duck.
1	Wh-wh-what's going on? Wh-what's this about L.A.?
1	But, but wh-what about us?
1	Well, so, stay for the museums!
1	Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I'll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
1	Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. (He kisses her, more passionately this time) Nothing.
1	You ah, you forgot your shoes.
1	Hey, listen you ah....
1	...feel like getting a cup of coffee?
1	Yeah, yeah sure, goodnight.
2	(to Chandler) Hey! (Chandler looks up, startled) Why isn't it Spiderman? Y'know like Goldman, Silverman...
3	'Cause it's-it's not his last name.
3	No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
2	Oh, okay. There should be Gold Man!
3	Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
3	Excuse me, Doug? (no reaction) Hey there sports fan!!
3	No, I ah, I didn't do them.
3	No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
3	I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
3	No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
3	Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
2	Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?
5	(seeing Ross and Bonnie inside Central Perk) Oh my God! Phoebe look, it's Ross and that girl.
2	Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
2	What umm, what happened?
2	Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
2	Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
2	Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
2	Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
5	Oh my God! The millionaire's here!
5	Okay. Oh wait, wait-wait, you're not gonna come with me?
4	(He thinks about it) Of course I am. I just have to make a call.
5	Thank you. (She goes to take off her make-up and screams in pain) Oww!!!! God!
4	(rushing back in) What?! I wh-, what's wrong?
5	I'm sorry, I just can't go to the hospital lookin' like this.
0	Does it involve travel?
0	Does it involve clogs?
2	Oh, wait, wait. Clogs, or claws?
0	Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
0	What is it?! What about Pete?
0	Okay, I feel like I'm talking to Lassie. All right, Phoebe would you just tell me!
1	Y'know, about what happened with us.
1	What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
4	Sorry I ah, I scared you in there.
0	Oh, that's okay. By the way, I was just checking the shower massager.
0	(runs over to her) I tried to reach you at work. There's....been a fire.
2	What?! Oh my... (sees the remains of the house) Oh my God!! What happened?!
4	Well, we believe it originated here. (He uses a pointer and points to the point of origin.) In the Aroma Room.
2	All right. Did everyone get out okay?
0	Well, the giraffe's okay. And so is the pirate.
2	Ohh. What is this? (She sees a tissue covering something, and moves to remove it.)
4	No Phoebe, don't look! You don't want to see what's under there!!
3	(singing) Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum!
0	What are you doing?
0	No, only because that's the graduation song.
3	Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!
0	Are you sure you wanna do this?
4	Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)
5	Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.)
0	Then why are you smoking?
3	Well it's very unsettling.
4	....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
4	(looking at the page) 717? (to Carol) Where's 717? (He gets up to return the page, Carol starts to take the last of the food into the kitchen, but Ross grabs the last piece.) Hey, you've have more of these for Susan right?
2	(answering the phone) (whispering) Ross, thank God.
4	Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?
0	(running over to stop Rachel) Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up. (takes her into the bathroom)
2	Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.
4	Oh, now you want a favour?
4	Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
1	Well, now we got a reason.
1	Well, we're fashioning a very long poking device.
1	Hey uh, what's a matter?
3	I talked to Janice.
1	Oh my God, is she going back to him?
3	She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
1	What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
3	I don't know, y'know. What, what, would you do?
1	Well, it doesn't matter what I would do.
1	All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, (Chandler gets ready to throw another dart) I would ah, I would bow out.
3	What? (turns around quickly still ready to throw the dart and Joey quickly ducks and hides behind the chair) What are you, what are you talking about?
1	They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
4	Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
5	Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
2	It's Monica's bed. What?
3	Okay. (to Monica) It's a racecar.
2	So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
3	Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
0	Sometimes I have bad dreams. (starts to break down, and Phoebe offers her, her hand to comfort her.)
1	Wow! That was good. That was...(points to his pocket) Tweezers?
1	Whoa. That was really good.
3	You told him to play the boxer gay!!
1	Well, I-I might've said supergay.
3	You totally screwed him over.
0	Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?
1	Because, Monica, the guy's so good, and I really, really want this part.
2	Well, if you really, really want it, then it's okay.
4	Dr. Green. How are you? (offers his hand, and Dr. Green puts his scarf on it.)
5	Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
4	That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
5	Were both of those Joey?
4	Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you, you do with her.
5	Not even with your best friend.
5	That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
4	Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
4	Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
5	Uh, honey, yeah that was with Carol.
4	I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.
2	( in a soothing voice) Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.
0	Richard's living room, drinking wine.
2	All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!
2	I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
0	So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
2	Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
5	Okaaay. (To the guys, on the couch) Any of you guys want anything else?
3	Oh, yes, could I have one of those. (Points)
5	No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
3	No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
4	You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?
3	It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
5	Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
2	Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
5	Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
0	Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? (listens to Aunt Syl on phone, looks shocked) Nice talk, Aunt Syl. (in New York accent) You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
1	Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!
5	Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos (touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable)
0	So, did I hear Poconos?
5	Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
2	Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!
0	Yeah, that's a big step.
3	(to Ross) Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
4	Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be...(makes flinging motions with hands) flung by now?
5	I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
4	...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? (pauses, looks suddenly inspired) I could call immigration!
1	I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
3	Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever!
4	Hey, hello! mmwa! (kisses Carol) I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
2	I can't believe you did that!
0	Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
2	I just wish there was something we could do. (Bends down and talks to him) Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
0	Phoebe, what are you doing?
2	Maybe nobody's tried this.
0	I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
2	Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
0	Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
2	Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
0	I wish all guys could be like him.
3	Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
0	He doesn't have anyone.
2	Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.
1	I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
5	But what about Phoebe?
5	Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
5	Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?
3	You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
1	It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all right? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
3	Oh, seriously you want him?
3	Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?
1	You wanna smell him?
1	Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.
1	(to Chandler) What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?
3	Well, we are great guys.
2	But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
2	And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
5	Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!"That's where that came from.
3	You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
4	No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
3	Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
2	I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
3	Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
0	Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
3	Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
0	Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.
4	(to Joey) So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
5	Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. (Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler) I'm talking to Rome.
0	Hey dad, what's up? (Listens) Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.
4	And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
1	Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
2	(at window) Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
0	(to everyone) It's Chandler! (on phone) Are you OK?
0	I have no idea what you just said.
3	(angry) Put Joey on the phone.
1	(to everyone) Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! (on phone) Chandler, listen. (says something intentionally garbled)
3	Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.
0	OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
1	OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
0	Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
4	Pheebs, what about you?
5	How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
0	I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.
2	I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
0	There's more beer, right?
2	Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
5	Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.
2	Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
0	Ok, well, what kind of ritual?
2	Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
2	Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
5	Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.
1	Good for you. (jumps suddenly) Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
2	Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
0	You can spill. In the sink.
2	Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
0	What? I'm just said.
2	No you're not, you're wondering which cushion it is.
3	So ah, whatcha watching?
3	Well, it sounds kinda stupid... (looks at the TV) Who's she?
1	Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.
3	Wow! Look at them run.
1	They do that a lot. Hey, you want a beer?
3	Yeah, I'll go get one.
3	What, like a number?
4	Okay, I'm done with my choices, these are final. (holds up a little card)
5	Well, it's about time.
1	Ooh, very official.
4	Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
0	And who laminated it?
5	All right let me see. (grabs the card) Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
5	Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.
2	Hey!-Hey! What's going on?
2	You can't have sex with her!
4	Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet.
0	W-wait. What is that?
4	'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?
5	Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
4	My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.
2	That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
3	Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
0	Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
4	Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
0	Why don't you just get a roommate?
4	Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- (Realises) ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
5	Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
5	It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
5	Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? (everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that.
5	Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
4	Nobody likes change.
4	What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
2	Should we do something?
3	Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
4	I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
5	Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? (Ross can't answer that) Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
4	Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
5	And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!!
4	Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
5	We were on a break!
4	That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
5	You think you're gonna get out of this on a technicality?
4	Look, I'm not trying to get out of anything, okay. I thought our relationship was dead!
5	Well, you sure had a hell of a time at the wake!
1	Y'know what, I don't think we should listen to this anymore. (Goes to open the door)
5	Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser.
3	I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'
4	Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!
2	(entering) Helloo! Oh! (sees Joey and starts to leave)
1	Pheebs! There you are!
2	No it's not, sorry.
1	But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! (catches her in the hallway)
2	Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
1	Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
2	Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
1	It's okay, these things happen.
0	(entering from her bedroom) Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
3	You mean there's more than one of us.
4	Look, you can't do this Mon. All right, if you do this, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna.....
4	I'm gonna tell Mom.
5	Honey, I'm sorry, but he's right. I love you, but you're crazy.
0	What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
4	(interrupting her) Oh, it's not the ideal way...
0	Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
1	Check it out!! Jam crackers!
0	Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. (they all turn and look at Joey) Oh my God, under personal comments: 'New York Knicks, rule!'
1	Yeah, the Knicks rule!
1	Let me see. (goes over and looks at the form) Oh, right.
5	When did you go to a sperm bank?
1	Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. (to Chandler) Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
3	And that's how you bought it?
1	Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
3	Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
0	All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike! (the timer sounds as Monica throws the ball to Phoebe.)
2	Oh I got it!! (catches the ball) Oh! Ew! Broken boob! Ow!
2	Touchdown!! Touchdown!!
4	Uh, hello, the buzzer buzzed. It doesn't count.
5	Now, does it really matter?
2	Well, okay, I made a touchdown. It was my first touchdown. So?
4	Oh Pheebs, that's great. It doesn't count.
4	Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.
0	Y'know what, that's fine, maybe you haven't grown up, but I have.
4	Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
2	That would be great. Thank you.
5	No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!
5	Yeah. Well, umm.....
5	No! Really, no, please, please, that's, that's okay.
5	Oh, yeah, I'm not, I'm not hungry.
2	(to Leslie) Oh, I thought you weren't coming. What? Where were you?
2	Okay, don't give me a reason to get mad, okay
2	No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
2	Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
2	Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
2	Okay. (singing) 'Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.' That's all I have so far.
1	Where have you been?
4	Is everything okay?
3	Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
5	Because, I wanted to hurt you.
5	(screams and grabs a potato masher to defend herself) Sorry. I'm sorry.
0	You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, (opens her coat revealing a large burn mark over her left breast.) in a grill fire.
0	What are you smiling at?
5	I'm sorry, I was just thinking you're day could still pick up.
0	I love this friend thing!
2	Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
2	Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
3	We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
4	He's right, even if it's to say something complementary. (He stops and thinks about what he just said.)
2	No, I can spot you from here.
2	Okay, listen Robert...
5	Ohhh! That is soo sweet! (gets up to get herself a cup of coffee)
4	All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!
4	What's going on?! (throws the love bug at him) That's what's going on!!
4	I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! (turns to Rachel) Hi Rach. (He's puts his hand on her shoulder and she knocks it away.)
1	So, does that mean the audition is off?
2	I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.
2	Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! (pause) So, just tell me the truth!
2	My Father is Chuck Magioni?
1	I'm telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
4	That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
3	Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
4	I know, but ahhhhhh!! I really wanna go up there and finish that kiss!
3	Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&M.
4	Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so (makes an incoherent nasal sound), y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
1	So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
5	(on phone) Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. (listens) Oh no, don't you apologize. (listens) Yeah, I'll hold. (to Monica and Ross) He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
4	That is so made up!
5	(on phone) Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! (hangs up phone) I got the interview!
5	He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
0	Oh, that is amazing!
4	Yeah well, if I know Mark, and I think I do, I'd expect nothing less.
5	I got to figure out what I'm going to wear.
4	High collar and baggy pants say I'm a pro.
5	Yeah! Right! Okay, I'll see you guys later. (starts to leave) Woo hoo!
4	You go get 'em. (to Monica) What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
4	'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
1	Pheebs, you gotta stop this, I working on commission here.
0	(entering) Hey, guys. I'm here to pick out my Christmas tree.
2	Well look no further, (shows her the dead one) this one's yours! Ahhh.
0	Is this the one that I threw out last year?
2	All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.
0	Oh honey, is that 'cause your Mom died around Christmas?
2	Oh, I wasn't even thinking about that.
4	(to the girl sitting next to him) Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
4	Hey now! That was an accident, okay.
4	I don't have too. I can just look at you.
1	Yeah, I guess it is. (sees Kate is watching, he turns Lauren so that he can talk directly to Kate, but still look like he is talking to Lauren) Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so I'm gonna get on this spaceship, (smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it) and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. (gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.
0	Phoebe, it's been two days.
2	Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it's one of those 801 numbers. Right?
4	Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
2	No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. (picks up the instruction manual to check the phone number) 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. (Finds the number) Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
2	Sorry, I'm so sorry, I will pay you back.
3	And yet, she's still not hanging up the phone.
2	Fine! Fine! (slams the phone down, breaking it) Oh-oh!
2	Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.
0	Hey, Rach, how was work?
5	Oh, great. Although I did sit down where there wasn't a chair.
0	By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.
5	Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming. I'm just gonna throw it out, it's probably just a bunch of shampoo and... (she opens the box and stops)
5	(She takes the T-shirt out of the box and holds it to her chest and take a deep breath.) No. Nothing. (She smiles and goes into her room.)
3	So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
2	Okay well, he would turn things to gold.
3	What about things that are already gold?
2	Ahh, his work is done.
3	Okay, let's play my game now.
2	Okay. All right you yellow-bellied-lilly-livered-DRAW!! (they both kick up the foot rests like an old fashioned gun fight.)
2	No! No! Look at that! (drags her away from the window) It's a line of ants! They're working as a team!
2	(looking in the window) Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
5	Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
5	Ohh! (walking away from the window) Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
2	You said it was okay!
5	You said she was bald!!
2	What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
5	Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
2	Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
2	Well isn't he your friend? Don't you want him to be happy?
5	I just y'know, I didn't expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh! (sits down on the curb)
2	Oh, we killed them all.
0	Please tell me you're stopping now.
3	(in a feminine way) Oh my God! (and he jumps all around)
0	Guys, please, I'm just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?
3	Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
3	Okay, then get the lobster!
1	Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
0	And that's why, I'm not inviting you in for a drink. (starts to leave) Bye.
0	(in the hallway) So, where do you want to go?
0	Oh, that's sounds great.
0	Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
0	Okay, I gotta go. (gets up)
2	I, but you're so close! No!
0	Okay, does it involve something to do with Pete's computer company?
2	Oh, just go. You're never gonna get it!
3	I know. See, yes. That's Yasmine Bleeth, she's a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
3	I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
3	If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
1	Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
3	Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
1	That's horrible! Well, you did the right thing man.
3	Thanks, I'm glad you see it that way.
3	Ohhh-hoo, funny story!
2	(She pauses to ready herself, and removes the tissue.) Ohh, the-the Foster puppets!
3	It's not a big deal. It's, just it's right here, (points to his eye) and it's all the time.
3	(He looks over at Rachel, who nods her head) Yes, this, this was pleasant.
3	The food there was, was great.
3	Well, this was great. I'll give you a call. We should do it again sometime. (Rachel is disappointed)
5	(whispering) Chandler!! Are you gonna call her!
3	Look, I'm sorry. Okay? I'm weak, and pathetic, and sorry.
5	Okay, you are going to tell her and you're going to tell her now. (She grabs his nipple and starts to twist it.)
3	Ahhhh - I'm not going to call you.
3	I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, (pause) mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
4	No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
4	No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
4	Yeah, you're right.
4	We were on a break!!! Okay!! (grabs the phone) We were, we were..., (calms down) yeah. Where are you? I'll find you. (hangs up)
4	Oh, you-you're-you're one to talk.
1	That's 'help' spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
0	Huh. What's doofus spelled backwards?
5	(all excited) Op, op, car! Car!! (sees it's Ross) Ugh!!!
2	Oh, it's Ross on one of his drives!
5	What is he doing here?!
4	It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
4	I know! I'm saying you have to watch them all the time.
5	I did!! I watched! I watched! I watched Monica bang his head against that thing!
4	Umm, did you notice anything wierd about Ben today?
4	Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
4	Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know... (walks around in a circle)
0	Oh my God, I wrecked your baby!! (runs into the bedroom)
5	I hope it's still funny when you're in hell.
0	(coming out of the bedroom) You jerk! You know how much I love that kid! (starts to chase Ross around the living room)
4	Monica bang! Monica bang! (runs into one of the posts) Ow!
3	Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
3	I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
3	Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do.
3	Then don't leave me!
4	Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson.
4	(to Rachel) Okay, that's it, I can't take it anymore.
5	What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
4	Oh, please. Sweetie it's hopeless, okay, I'm just gonna go. (starts to leave rubbing his neck)
4	Look, look I'm sorry. It's just that....
5	He's got this thing. And I keep telling him to go to my chiropractor...
4	Thank you! That's what I keep saying.
5	Excuse me, Dr. Bobby happens to be an excellent doctor.
5	Well that's his last name.
4	And his first name.
5	And um, excuse me, he helps me.
4	Oh-ho please. Ask her how?
5	With my alignment. I've got one leg shorter than the other.
5	What? It's true, my right leg is two inches shorter.
0	I'm sorry, but that's my happy place.
2	Well, okay, fine, use my happy place. Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.
0	All right, I'll try not to.
2	Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....
0	Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
2	All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
0	I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
2	All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
0	Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.
3	Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
5	Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
3	Okaaay, (Gestures) rock, hard place, me.
3	Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
3	Uhhuh, how did you know that?
1	Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
0	Hey, how long are you in the city?
2	Oh, this is my friend Roger.
1	(Snatches the phone) Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? (To his dad) Did you know this isn't Ma?
1	Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping)
1	You're one to talk. (Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan)
4	Oh, that's great, that is great! (Hugs and kisses Carol. Then picks up a picture frame)
4	Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?
4	Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!
4	No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! (pauses) Or isn't...
5	Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! (Turns on the TV)
1	C'mon, she's your mom!
5	Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
3	Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
4	C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.
3	You can say that because she's not your mom.
4	When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?
4	Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
2	Hey hey hey! She's on!
2	Your mom was arrested?
2	Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.
5	Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. (She goes over to Terry.) All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
5	Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.
5	Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
5	Yeah. Who's workin' for you babe?
2	Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?
2	Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.
5	Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.
2	Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
5	Well, but Pheebs...
2	No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play.
4	Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
5	(reading the program) Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
3	You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
4	Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
1	Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.)
5	God. I feel violated.
0	Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
3	(staring at a woman across the room) Ross, ten o'clock.
4	Is it? Feels like two.
3	(sighs and gestures to explain) There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
3	She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
4	So, uh, how's she doing?
0	How-how are you, Mom?
0	She is unbelievable, our mother is...
4	Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
0	The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
4	Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
4	She looks so small.
4	Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.
4	Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..
4	She's not- past, she's present, she's back.
4	I, uh, I'll go see. (He goes in)
0	What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
1	Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
5	Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
3	Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
4	Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
3	The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
5	Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
1	(pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
4	No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
4	Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'
4	The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
5	Oh come on, I already went.
5	Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... (sigh)... oh, the foot of the bed.
5	I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
4	Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
5	There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
5	No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
4	(sarcastically) And you didn't marry him because...?
5	I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
1	(to Lorraine) We can't do that.
3	(disgusted) What? What can't you do?
1	Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there?
1	Uh, we might be leaving now.
3	Tell me it's "you and me"we.
1	She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
3	Ok, you can not do this to me.
1	You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.
1	I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.
3	I hope she throws up on you.
3	Oh, what a crappy night!
3	Excuse me. (gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him) How ya doin'?
1	No, no, no, don't get up, I got a cooler right here.
3	Do you have any beers? We're out of beers.
0	I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
3	Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
3	Oh-ho, come here. (goes and hugs her) Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.
4	(all depressed) Hi. Where is everybody?
2	Oh, it's already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?
4	My marriage, I think my marriage is um, is kinda over.
4	'Cause Carol's a lesbian. (Phoebe is shocked) And, and I'm not one. And apparently it's not a mix and match situation.
2	Oh my God! I don't believe it! Oh, you poor bunny.
4	(sets out a bunch of shot glasses and starts to poor himself a drink, many drinks) I'm an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I'd be out and she'd, she'd see some beautiful woman, and, and she'd be Ross y'know look at her, and I'd think, God, my wife is cool!
2	Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?
2	Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.
2	(turns around and hits Frank) So that's what you thought I did!! God! That's not what I do!
2	Nooo! Why would you think that?
2	Whatever, it's the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.
2	You really thought it was perfect?
2	So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
3	Might wanna open with the snowman.
1	Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
4	How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
1	I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
0	So what are you gonna be?
1	Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
5	Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? (They all protest and hit her with cushions) Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
3	Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
5	Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
3	It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
3	Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
5	(Into microphone) Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
5	Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. (picks up the tip he leaves) Only $98.50 to go.
0	Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
0	Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.
0	No, I just talked to them.
3	And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
1	Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
3	That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
2	What were you modeling for?
1	You know those posters for the city free clinic?
0	Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
2	You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
3	Do you know which one you're gonna be?
1	No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... (crosses fingers)
0	(stopping him) What, what are you doing? You can't go out there.
1	Why not?! (to Chandler) I'm hungry.
0	Because they'll know we've been listening.
5	God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
4	Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
5	Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again.
3	Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
1	Yeah, we'll be fine.
4	Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
3	(handing Monica the wax) Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
2	Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
2	But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
1	I'm, I'm okay. See. (tries to smile, but fails horribly)
2	Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
1	No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
2	Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
1	They actually said that?
2	Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
1	No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
2	Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
4	(running into the hall, in slow motion) You'll never get me, Joe!!! (he then pretends that he gets shot repeatedly and falls back against Joey and Chandler's door, dead.)
3	(in accent) Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been?
0	Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
1	Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
2	Oh, well he's yummy. We did a little kissin'.
5	Phoebe, what are you doing?
2	Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
5	Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
2	Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
4	You're taking the word of a guy who has night vision goggles?
2	What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
3	Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.
2	What are you saying I should do?
0	I think, that if you really like this guy, you should just trust him.
1	Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
0	Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
5	Oh my God, what happened? (points to the cast on Janice's wrist)
0	No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
4	Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
0	Y'know what? I'll think you'll play.
4	Oh really! Why is that?
0	Because the winner gets this!
3	Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
4	Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!
0	When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
0	No it's not! You want it, you're gonna have to win it!
5	All right, so are we not having dinner at all?
0	Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
1	It's hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
0	All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
1	So what are you gonna do?
4	What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.
3	Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
4	Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?
3	Hey, this isn't like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!
3	Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.
1	Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.
3	Why? What happened to him?
1	Nothing, he's just really believes in that.
5	Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
5	No. (grabs an eggroll) And then I called him, and he wasn't there.
5	Oh, thank you that's very helpful, I'm glad you came over.
5	Hi! Oh, I'm so glad you called.
0	Wow! It's like Rachel in High School.
0	Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
3	That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
4	(to Chandler) Hey, don't we have to...
3	Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
2	Umm, I think you're really, really great...
2	I-I-I-I-I don't know, I don't know what to say.
0	Oh my God! Oh my God! (She frantically tries to clean up the bedroom as Richard starts the tour.)
1	It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands.
2	What are you wrapping?
0	Oh-ho, look what I got Julio.
2	Yeah, it's a vase.
0	Yeah, just like the one in the poem.
2	Well not exactly like the one in the poem.
2	Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh. (hugs her)
0	(to Julio) So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?
0	You don't even know me...
0	I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...
1	Right, and you go with Rachel, Bonnie's free tonight?
4	(entering the bedroom) Hi. (closes the door)
0	That's that weird voice again.
3	Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
3	Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. (Monica walks away in disgust) Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!!
4	Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
0	What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
0	I mean don't you trust her?
0	Then get over yourself! Grow up!
3	This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela?
3	Well, it's, it's yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
3	So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite?
3	Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
3	Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn't mean anything.
4	(to himself) Good for a scrud.
4	That's crap!! Sister Brown Bird. (to Elizabeth) Good going. (does the salute)
4	Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
3	Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
4	Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
3	(to Rachel, who's entering) Hey! How'd the interview go?
5	Oh, I blew it. I wouldn't of even hired me.
4	Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. (she glares at him) That's not how that was supposed to come out.
2	This is the worst Christmas ever.
3	Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
5	I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. (points to her) Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... (starts to cry) swans.
0	You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
0	Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
0	Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
0	Then I've gotta go. Bye. (kisses him and starts to walk out)
3	No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.
0	Why, how much is that?
2	Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
2	Yeah, but not just that.
2	That's right, exactly. (sees them) All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. (Frank picks Alice up and they move to the couch) Bye-bye. (They both lie down on the couch and start to make out.) Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. (They ignore her) Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? (She reaches in and Alice moans) Okay, all right, good. (leaves).
1	(He's recorded his voice on the tape) Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. (he laughs) And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
0	I don't believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It's gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I'd be cold, but I'm always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
0	Oh, it is sooo perfect. Thank you so much. (runs over and hugs him)
0	Did you just smell my hair?
0	You still have feelings for me don't you?
0	No, it's not bad. It's not bad at all. It's-it's really nice.
0	You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That's why I can't take this job.
0	And well, we probably shouldn't see each other anymore. I'm sorry.
3	Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
1	(on phone) Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? (listens) Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. (He sits down and crosses out something, and dials the phone again.) Hello, Jennifer? (listens) Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? (listens) Oh, she's not home huh? (listens) Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
5	All right!! Fine! Fine.
3	Oh no, now it's not gonna make any sense!
2	(to Chandler and Monica) You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
3	Oh, this is horrible, it's just horrible.
1	Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
0	I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
0	Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
5	You guys are unbelievable. No! He cannot come.
4	(sarcastic) Oh please, can't I come to your special, magical cabin?
5	Why would you even want to come Ross? You're a horrible skier.
4	Oh-oh, hitting me where it hurts, my ski skills.
1	I-I can't handle this, you guys.
3	Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
4	All right Pheebs, your cab's ready.
5	All right, let's go!
3	Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!
3	No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
3	I don't care! (turns around and to the people watching them) I don't care!!
3	You can't leave! I have your shoe!
1	All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
4	Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
5	I'm sorry, let her?
4	What can I do, she doesn't listen to me about renter's insurance either.
4	Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
4	Okay. (to Rachel) Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
5	Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
1	(sadly) There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (he gets a huge round of applause from his students.) Thank you.
0	Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
1	All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.
1	Oh-ho-kay, I'm talking to the king. (starts to go to a back room)
1	I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
1	And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
1	But what does that gonna do...
1	Does it have to be a whole day?
1	Yeah, I know, I sleep in the next room.
0	(crying) So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
2	Monica, do you want us to take you home?
0	Uh, huh. (to Ross) Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away. (Rachel, Monica, and Phoebe leave)
4	Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
1	Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
1	It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. (Considers) That'd be cool.... This blows!
5	I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? (She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest) Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... (Notices Chandler) Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
3	(Without looking up) What? (Looks up) What?
5	Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
4	Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
3	Y'know, I don't see that happening?
5	C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
3	Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
3	(Sarcastic) Oh, good. Rog is here.
1	What's the matter with Rog?
3	Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
4	What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
4	Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
4	Yes, we did, everything's A-OK!
4	Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be?
4	No problem, ok, mmmwa (kisses Carol) oh, mmmwa (kisses Carol's stomach, then punches Susan's shoulder) Susan... (Ross leaves.)
3	Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
3	What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
1	How'd you get to that?
3	Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
1	You knew about that?
3	Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
3	Shhh, busy beaming with pride.
3	Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
3	THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
3	This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
3	...And then he burst into flames.
0	Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
2	What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
0	Nah... not-not special enough.
2	Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
3	Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken.
0	Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
4	(to Monica) Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
0	My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.
0	That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
0	Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand?
0	Okay. (He grabs her hand.) All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! (The doctor puts in the needle.) Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
3	That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
1	Hey, hey, look at that talent. (Motions to two girls waiting for the bus.)
3	(to taxi driver) Just practicing. You're good. Carry on.
3	Wait-wait-wait-wait!
3	Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink.
1	Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
1	Get outta here. This is our stop too.
0	Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
3	Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
5	Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
4	He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
2	Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
3	Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
3	Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh...(He clears his throat noisily)...hi.
3	Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (He walks back to the others but she calls him back.)
1	C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
3	(running back) She said yes!! She said yes!! (To Joey) Awful play, man. Whoah. (To All) Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. (To Joey) Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. (He fishes a card out of his pocket.)
3	I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
5	(exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
2	Yeah, you have homosexual hair.
4	I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
2	Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.
2	Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
5	Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? (Gives her a pencil)
5	Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
1	Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
2	Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. (Hands back the pencil)
4	I thought it was gonna be a closed casket.
4	(sarcastic) I don't see why not.
4	Here's my retainer!
4	Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
4	Okay, okay, yes, it is. (waves) How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.
4	You look great. I, uh... I hate that.
4	Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
4	Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?
4	Why- why are you here, Carol?
3	Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
2	...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.)
0	Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
4	Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
5	Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
3	We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
1	Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
2	Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
3	So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
4	Not even, say, breaking up with Janice?
3	Oh, right, right, shut up.
4	Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
4	It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
4	But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
4	Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
5	Oh Ross, you're so great. (she playfully rubs his head and gets up)
1	It's never gonna happen.
4	(acts surprised) What? (pause) Why not?
4	No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
1	Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
4	I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
1	Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
4	I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. (Joey looks at him) What? What, now?
1	Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...' (Rachel comes into the room behind them)
2	Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
4	Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
3	Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
5	See, there's always one guy. (Mocking) "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes."(Joey enters.)
0	Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?
1	Probably kill myself!
1	Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!
0	How does she do that?
4	Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?
2	Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
5	What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?
0	Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
3	Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
3	You got it. Good woman! (the waiter turns around, it's a man) Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
3	That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. (to Janice) I've always wanted to know...
3	No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
0	Oh, Chandler, sorry.
0	Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.
3	Ok, well, this was very special.
0	Rach, come see who's out here!
5	Oh my god. Janice, hi!
3	Janice is gonna go away now.
0	I'll be right back.
4	Seven years. I mean we've been together seven years, she's the only woman who's ever loved me, and the only woman I've-I've ever....
0	I know, it is isn't it?
3	No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
0	Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.
3	Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
0	Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.
3	Oh yeah, that sounds great. (starts to leave) Oh, and listen, it's, it's gonna be....
4	Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
2	I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good. (kisses him on the cheek)
2	And you're so sweet. (kisses him on the other cheek) And you're kind (kisses him on the lips)
4	Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
4	My foot is stuck in the pocket.
2	Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?
2	Right, okay, um-mm.
2	Yeah, I guess I do, yeah.
2	Well, I-I wasn't hopping mad, y'know.
2	Okay. All right, this is my favourite part of the weekend, right now, this.
2	She wasn't a hooker.
3	Okay, on three. One....Two....
2	(Takes mike) Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. (Shakes bell as an introduction) (Sung:)
2	Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
3	(Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!
2	Could you speak up please?
2	Okay, we're gonna take a short break. (Goes over to their table)
1	Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
3	Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
4	(to Monica) Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
0	Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
4	Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
0	You know, they're not actually supposed to have... (Ross looks at her sheepishly) I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
0	And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
3	Yes, every single one of them.
0	Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
2	Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
0	So you're free Thursday, then.
2	Yeah. Oh, can I come?
0	Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
5	Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
3	I thought it was $98.50.
5	Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
4	Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
5	All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
5	You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
5	You knew that our hot, sweaty, writhing bodies were....
4	(covering his ears and screaming) La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you.
4	What? Come on Rach, tell me what you're thinking?
5	I'm thinking, I'm gonna order a pizza.
4	Order a pizza like, 'I forgive you?'
1	Oh man, pizza? I like pizza. (makes like he is trying to send a telepathic message to Rachel) Put olives on the pizza.
2	We could eat the wax! It's organic.
3	Oh great, food with hair on it.
2	No, not the used wax.
3	Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. (grabs a bag off of the shelf)
3	Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.
2	Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.
2	Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial.
2	No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.
2	Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'
2	Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
1	Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
5	Wow! Spinning that sounds like fun.
2	Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh. (picks one up out of the garbage can.)
2	Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
2	Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
2	No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know (in a high pitched voice) Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
1	What are you gonna do?
0	All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I'll take care of the rest.
4	Chandler! Chandler!
0	Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don't see that everyday, do ya?
4	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's with the tackling?
0	What?! I just touched him and he went over.
4	Okay, you wanna play rough, we can play rough.
4	Hey, where'd you get that?
5	I went really long.
0	Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
4	It's no surprise that your winning, 'cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
0	You're so pathetic! Why can't you just accept it, we're winning because I'm better than you.
0	Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
4	What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
4	Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
5	Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
4	Ah, that's okay, thanks.
4	Look, I don't feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?
0	Oh. (to Phoebe) Can I have a tissue?
2	Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
2	Well, tell him, apology accepted.
0	(still hiding under the blankets) So um, who was she?
0	(still hiding under the blankets) Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
0	(gets up) Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... (pause) Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
0	Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
0	That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
0	Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
1	I know, it was the best I could get out of them.
1	People, people, people.
5	So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
3	Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. (holds up a pen) See, she's fully dressed, right?
3	And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and (clicks pen) whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! (Rachel just stares at him.)
3	Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.
4	(sits down next to her) I'm sorry, I was an idiot.
4	A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
5	Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
4	Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
3	Will you excuse me I have to um..... (walks to the hall)
3	Look, I may have jumped the gun here. (she tries to kiss him, but he ducks it and moves away) Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
3	Ahhhh, you're not Mary-Angela.
3	This is so bad. If-if you're not Mary-Angela, then-then who is?
3	Oh, this is soo bad. (doesn't see Mary-Angela)
3	No Joey! No Joey! Don't Joey! Joey!
3	(pats him on the shoulder) You're it! Now run and hide!
1	What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
3	I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. (all of Joey's sisters gasp) Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
3	Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. (to Joey) Are ya?
1	Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
3	Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
1	No! No! No! No, I'm not going to punch Chandler.
4	That word was swans.
3	Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
2	You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you're the best!
3	It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.'
5	(answering the phone) Hello? (listens) Yeah, this is she. (listens) Oh! You're kidding! You're kidding! (listens) Oh thank you! I love you!
3	Sure, everybody loves a kidder.
2	Oh, God bless us, everyone.
5	Here we go. I'm serving my last cup of coffee. (the gang starts humming the graduation theme) There you go. (hands it to Chandler) Enjoy. (they all cheer)
3	(to Ross) Should I tell her I ordered tea?
5	Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. (at the counter Gunther starts to cry and runs into the back room) Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
4	I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!! (opens the door and Chandler and Joey jump up, their apartment is decorated like outer space, one of the leather chairs is covered in tinfoil.)
4	Oh come on! Here we go! (picks her up and puts her in the chair) Stand by for mission countdown!
3	Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
3	Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
5	Oh, I can't watch this. (turns her eyes away)
1	Check it out, he's winning! (to Monica) Pete's winning!
2	Wait, if that's his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?
4	Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn't want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can't.
0	All right shut up for a second and let me just see something. (She kisses him back on the lips) Oh, wow! (They then hug and kiss, very passionately.)
5	Okay, you'd tell me the truth. Right?
4	Rach, you can't look fat in an x-ray.
3	Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
3	That's a bad duck!!! (to Ross) How'd the thing go tonight, Ross?
4	Oh, it was, nah, well....
5	What thing? What thing?
4	Nothing, ah there was this thing at the museum. Come on. (they go into her apartment) Easy.
3	(to the duck) Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy! (He goes back into the apartment)
5	What thing? What is this thing?
5	Ross, why didn't you tell me that?
4	Eh, 'cause I knew that if I told you, you'd make me go, and I knew you needed someone to be with you tonight. Come on. Come on.
5	I cannot believe you.
5	That is the sweetest thing, I just....
5	Oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
4	We were on a break!
4	Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
4	That's what you said last night.
0	What I said was, was that I understood. Joey's the one who agreed with you!
2	Y'know what, but there is, there is no right or wrong, here.
5	No, I think it's very obvious who's wrong here.
4	Obviously not to Joey.
4	(to Rachel) Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
3	Guys, guys, guess who I am?! (starts dancing around in an effort to stop the fighting.)
2	Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! (they all stop fighting, Chandler continues to dance.) Look what you're doing to Chandler!! (Chandler finally stops) (to Ross and Rachel) Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? (Ross starts to leave) You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
1	Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
2	Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? (they both look away) Can you be civil?
2	I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
1	All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's poke. (they start to advance the giant poking device) Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we're approaching the window (as he says this the camera cuts to their view of Ugly Naked Guy, so that we actually see him!) Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
2	He's alive! He's a-live!!!
0	And yet, we're still poking him.
1	Okay, retract the device, retract the device.
4	He does not look happy.
5	Hey-hey, now he's showing us his poking device.
1	Hey, that's never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!
3	Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! (makes a screeching sound as he pretends to stomp on the brakes.) Hey-hey good lookin'! (honks the bed's little horn on the steering wheel.) Varrrrrrrrroom. (notices Rachel and stops) All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
4	No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
3	Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
4	Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
3	We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
3	Yeah! All right! You go first.
4	Okay, okay, I'll go first.
4	So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
3	Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
4	Yes! Wow, well, that-that was easy. Okay, you-you go.
3	Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
3	And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
4	With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
3	I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know...(Ross just stares at him). You don't know!
4	Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
4	Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?
0	Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
4	That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
0	Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
4	Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
0	Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
4	Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
5	You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
2	Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
2	Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
1	Ok, ok, How about if we split it?
3	What do you mean, like, buy it together?
3	You think we're ready for something like that?
3	Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
1	Why, are you moving out?
3	I'm not moving out.
1	You'd tell me if you were moving out right
3	Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...
1	Aw, I know all about Kip!
3	It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
1	Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
2	Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?
2	Well, Racquela's right, yeah!
3	Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
4	(Entering) What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
4	Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.
5	Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
4	...But a man can change. (Downs a shot)
4	Anyone want me to appraise anything?
5	Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
3	Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
4	Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (A woman emerges from the toilet behind him and he tries to pretend he was in the other one)
4	Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing.
4	No. It's the one he's licking.
4	The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
4	The guy on the cover with his nipples showing?
1	Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.
1	Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
3	Oh, sure, they love us over there.
3	Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.
1	Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!
0	Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts?
4	Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
2	Right. My name was on there (The chalk sign out front), but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
2	Oh yeah, so you know D?
1	The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
2	(reading Monica's palm) No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
3	Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
0	Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
3	It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
3	Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
3	We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
3	Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
3	Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
3	So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
0	...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.
0	That's probably what they'll say.
3	No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
3	So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
3	...Quality, right, great.
3	Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?
3	Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.
3	No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
4	I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.
0	(taking a drink from Joey) Are you through with that?
1	Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
0	Whose little ball of paper is this?!
3	Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... (sees that Monica is glaring at him) ...now I wish I was dead.
2	She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine!
0	Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
3	Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
2	Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
1	Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
0	That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
3	(looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
0	Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
3	No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
1	Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
2	You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
3	Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
2	No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
0	Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
2	Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
5	(waitressing) Does anybody want anything else?
4	Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. (Rachel gives him a dirty look) Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
2	(to Rachel) What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
5	It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
4	That guy, he burns me up.
3	Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
0	Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this"thing again?
5	What are you shushing?
4	We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. (everyone is silent) Don't you hear that?
3	Um, is it sugarless?
3	Oh, then no thanks.
2	(singing) New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... (she writes the lyrics down)
1	Are you going to do it?
4	I'm going to do it.
1	Do you want any help?
4	You come out there, you're a dead man.
1	Hey, where are you going?
4	I cannot sleep in a public place.
0	Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
2	(waking and startling them) Oh! What what what! ...Hi.
4	It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
0	What's going on with you?
2	I got no sleep last night!
2	My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
0	Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
1	...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
3	You got waaaay too much free time.
1	(to Ross) Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
1	Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
3	Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
2	Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
5	And everybody knows this?
1	Yeah. Cushions the blow.
3	Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
4	That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
4	What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!
3	"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
1	"Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
3	Hey, that was really good!
1	Thanks! Let's keep going.
3	Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?"
1	"I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke."
3	I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
5	Oh, Joey, look who it is.
3	Oh, good, Joey's home now.
0	Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. (to Chandler) He just happened to call.
4	I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.
4	The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
4	If you wanna put a label on it.
4	Nope, nope, that's it.
4	Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. (to Carol and Susan) Helloo!
2	Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
2	Um, that's ok! (throws it in fire) Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
4	No, I can't get it out.
2	Well, that's not something a girl wants to hear.
4	No, come on don't start. (they start kissing again) Ouch!
4	Stupid balls are in the way. (holds up two balls)
4	Oh well. It probably would've been the most constructive solution.
2	You have chalk on your face.
2	Oh, Ross you're right, I don't know why I always thought this was real grass.
4	My wife's a lesbian.
3	I can't believe you came back.
5	Don't say anything. I don't wanna speak, I don't wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.
1	Why don't we just go on two.
1	Because it's faster.
3	Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk.
1	All right, but in the future...
4	Heavy thing, not getting lighter!
1	So we are going on two?
3	Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!
1	Maybe, my ruler's wrong.
2	Maybe all the rulers are wrong.
1	Look it's not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
3	Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? (throws his shoulder into the center to try and move it, but it doesn't move.)
1	Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
5	Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? (the guy nods) Okay, great. (she starts to walk away and under her breath) You freak.
4	Come here, Marcel. Sit here. (Marcel wanders off)
5	Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
2	David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
0	I think it's romantic.
2	Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
2	Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
3	Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
2	No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
3	Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
4	C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
3	I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
4	Well, I'm off to Carol's.
2	Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
4	(mimicking) Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
4	Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
4	Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
4	Kinda like a big face without skin.
4	Ok. (browsing the apartment) Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.
4	(picking up a book) Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.
4	The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
4	Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I'm kinda hungry myself.
5	Fine. (on phone) Hi! Yes, I'd like to order a large pizza.
5	With ah, extra anchovies.
4	That's okay, I'll just pick 'em off.
5	Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
4	You can have the last piece, if you want.
5	Well, I should think so. You slept with someone.
2	They're gonna get through this, aren't they?
3	Yeah, come on, it's Ross and Rachel, they've got too.
0	What if they don't?
1	You think I need a new walk?
1	Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
1	Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
2	Yeah, no, I understand.
1	Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
2	(in a coy tone) Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.
1	(in a really, really bad Italian accent) That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
3	....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
0	My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
3	I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
0	You know what, everything's gonna be okay.
3	(answering phone) Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. (to Monica and Rachel) Okay, what do I do?
2	Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?
1	So you're really doing this, huh?
0	Oh yeah, picked a guy, 37135.
0	'Fraid so. Brown hair, green eyes...
1	No, I-I figured you would've picked a blond guy.
1	I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
1	It's a name, yeah. I saw you, you know, in this great house with a big pool.
0	Really, is he a swimmer?
1	He's got the body for it.
0	I like that. (Joey starts laughing) What?
1	You guys have one of those signs that says: 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
0	We do not have one of those signs.
1	Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
0	Two girls and a boy?
0	Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
4	Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you're with me.
5	I can not believe your trading me!!
0	Come on Rach, come on. Let's see what's it like to be on a winning team for a change.
5	Are you gonna let me play?
3	No-no-no-no, the game's not over, we're just switching teams.
1	Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it's better if we're on the same team.
4	Right. Okay, let's play. Let's go.
3	No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
1	Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
3	And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
1	Nice try. (to Margha) See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
4	Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let's play some ball, guys.
2	Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
0	Hey, the man's dog just died.
0	It will be my pleasure. (to Phoebe) My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons. (they leave)
2	See, we don't need them.
4	(to Chloe) I like this song.
5	(picks up the phone and calls Ross) Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you're not home.
0	How 'bout one last game of racquetball?
1	Beth is really, really sick.
1	Jo's there, but I don't think there's anything she could do.
5	Do you want to put the book in the freezer?
5	Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous. (she kisses him)
4	I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
3	Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
4	Oh, I've got to go pick up Ben, we've got a play date this afternoon.
4	Oh, just this woman that I met last night at the party.
5	There was a woman at the... (realizes) The stripper?!
5	You have a play date with a stripper?!
3	Man, I gotta get a kid. (looks at the pen and starts laughing)
4	Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
5	Sure, is she married?
1	No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, (to Chandler) you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
1	Cookie, now you can punch him!
5	What are you doing here?
4	Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I... (gives her a flower)
5	Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
4	I'm so proud of you.
4	Listen, I'm ah, I'm sorry I've been so crazy and jealous and, it's just that I like you a lot, so...
5	(to Ross) Oh my God!! (she turns around and hugs Mark, not Ross)
4	Congratu!! (sees her hug Mark) -lations-lations.
0	So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?
2	Ick, you were eavesdropping.
3	I'm an alien. I'm an alien.
4	Oh no! An asteroid! (throws the soccer ball off the back of Joey's head.)
4	(breaking the silence) You should get some sleep.
5	Oh, I'm sorry I spoiled you're evening.
4	No, that's, no, as long as you're okay. So I'll ah, I'll see you tomorrow.
1	What about the chick?
3	I don't know. Should we try it?
3	See, I told you they don't swim. (He goes to take it out)
1	(stopping him) Wait. Give him a minute.
3	Noo! (takes him out) Oh, it's okay, it's okay, baby, baby, baby.
2	Okay. Good, all right, let's get back in the car, 'cause it's freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
1	Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who's going with who?
4	Look, you guys, you guys should go. (Joey tries to say something, but Ross cuts him off.) No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
1	Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
4	No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
0	All right, we'll call you when we get back.
2	Maybe we can like go to a movie or something.
4	That would be great.
3	What are you guys doing together?
1	Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
3	You still can't stand her can you?
1	I'm sorry man, I tired, I really did.
3	Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
1	But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
3	Well, I guess that's something.
1	No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
1	Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
1	Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I do it too.
1	Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.
0	Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
0	I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
3	Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.
1	Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?
1	I'm Joey Tribbiani.
3	Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
3	Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
2	Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
2	Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
0	And Monica knows...
4	Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
0	Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
1	So what's it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)
4	Wait - oh - hey - huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!
0	I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!
0	Phoebe, what's the matter?
1	Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.
4	Hey, is Chandler here?
4	Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... (Joey shakes his head) Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
1	Right. No big deal.
1	In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
1	You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
3	What are you guys doing out here?
4	Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
1	Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
4	No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
1	Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.
3	Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. (Goes back inside and shuts the door)
4	Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.
2	Ok, do you know A minor?
2	Ok, do you know how to go from D to A minor?
2	Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a strap?
3	(on pay phone) Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. (Listens) Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid character.
1	(grabbing the phone) Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. (Listens) (to Chandler) He wants to talk to you again.
5	Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to...
5	Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.
1	Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
3	Actually, uh, we're both the father. (Puts his arm around Joey)
1	Oh, Ben! Hey, buddy!
3	Please tell me you know which one is our baby.
1	Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
1	Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.
3	Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the mole came off.
3	Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
0	Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
3	What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
0	Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
2	Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
4	No, of course not! (Thinks) ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
0	What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
0	Good for you, Joey.
4	Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking-
4	Fine. Fine, alright, now you'll never know.
0	We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!
4	Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. (Starts to climb over the furniture)
4	Okay. Um, how about these? (Holds out a pair)
4	And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?
4	(forages around) Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
4	No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back.
4	Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.
4	(entering) How we doing, you guys ready?
0	Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
4	Some days it's all I can think about.
2	(entering) Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.
5	Oh, you-you mean your earrings?
0	Are these the shoes?
5	Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.
4	What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?
1	(entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?
3	Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
5	Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
2	Yeah, it's beautiful.
5	Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)
2	No, look, don't touch that!
5	Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
0	Easy Rach, we'll find it. (To all) Won't we!
1	Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
2	Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
5	Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
0	Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
2	Are you gonna go over there?
1	No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey, Angela.
4	So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
5	Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
4	Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
4	Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
5	Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
4	Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
1	Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
1	You can't go out there.
1	Because of... the reason.
1	I, um, can't tell you.
0	Joey, what's going on?
1	OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
1	He's planning your birthday party.
0	Oh my God! I love him!
1	(as Phoebe enters) You'd better act surprised.
2	What surprise party?
0	Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
2	Well, he didn't tell me.
1	Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.
2	This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
3	Happy birthday, pal!
1	We love you, man. (Kisses Ross)
4	Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
4	So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
3	Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
4	Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
0	Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
1	What's wrong with the twentieth?
3	Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
4	Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. (Joey is puzzled.) Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
3	Alright, now try taking a puff.
3	Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.
1	No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.
3	It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
3	Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
3	Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. (Takes a puff.) Oh.. my.. God. (He continues to smoke.)
0	No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger.
1	That's ridiculous!
4	Can I use.. either thumb?
5	(carrying a tray of drinks) Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! (Starts handing them out.) Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
2	Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
0	What did they do to you?
2	It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
5	Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
0	Can we just start throwing things in?
2	Ok, yeah, ok. (she throws the directions in) Oh, OK.
5	(tossing things in the fire) Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
2	Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
0	Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.
5	(looking at picture) Hey he's wearing a sweater.
5	And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.
0	Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...
3	How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
1	I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
3	Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
1	(to Chandler) If you don't do it, I will.
4	Isabella Rosselini. (points to her)
0	Are you serious? (they all look) Oh my God.
4	Damn! I can't believe I took her off my list.
0	Why? 'Cause otherwise you'd go for it?
4	What you don't think I'd go up to her?
5	Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.
4	Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.
5	You know what honey, you go ahead, we'll call her an alternate.
4	Okay, hold my crawler.
0	Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
5	Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
4	Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, (gets his out) so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
0	Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
3	I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
1	Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late.
3	Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
0	Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!
4	Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
0	Do you always have to bring him here?
4	I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
3	Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
4	Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
3	Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
2	Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
2	Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
4	You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?
4	Do you uh, do you talk about me?
4	Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
2	Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
3	I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
0	Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
5	No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
0	Rach, here's your mail.
3	Are you actually saying these words?
4	What, now you're not even taking to me? (moves over to the coffee table) Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
1	Whoa-ho-ho! (He looks at Chandler, who gives him a 'come on' look.) Yeah, okay.
0	Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
2	Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
4	Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
5	That is neither here nor there.
4	Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? (sits down next to her) Look, I, (on the verge of tears) I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. (We see Monica and Phoebe are almost in tears.) I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
5	No Ross!! (stands up and moves away from him) Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
5	(softly) I think you should go.
5	(softly) I really think you need to go now.
4	(moving over to stand in front of her) Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
5	Yeah, what the hell did I know!
4	Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, (takes a hold of one of her arms.) I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. (Both of them are starting to cry.) Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, (drops to his knees and hugs her around her waist) and, and....
5	Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.
0	If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
0	Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
3	What are you, stop naming dwarves! (on phone) Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. (listens) Really?! (listens) Really?!
5	He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
0	Aw, it's soo unfair. (they both start digging into the 'good' ice cream)
4	Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.
0	What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
0	Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.
4	What are you talking about?
0	And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
1	Sure! (Monica gets very depressed) But hey, you know this way sounds good too.
1	Oh Monica. (goes over and hugs her, then looks at the form and stops hugging her.) Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, (sees Monica) for like a day. (hugs her again).
1	I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it (tries to drink the rest of the jam out of the jar and gets it all over his face, on his chin, nose, etc.) Maybe if they met me in person.
5	Honey, you got a little thing on your...(points to her whole face)
4	(sees Joey) Hey. (walks into the living room) Uh, Chan, can I uh, can I talk to you for a second?
4	Just one uh, one additional relationship thought. Probably something your already familiar with, uh, women talk! (smacks Chandler over the head with a magazine)
1	Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I'm not playing with this guy, now.
4	Okay, y'know what, let's just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
4	Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...
1	Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn't understand the question.
3	Well, you don't you have Captain Hook explain it to her.
3	You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!! (does the wave.)
1	Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
3	Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching
4	Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
3	We're not gonna lose to girls.
5	Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
4	You are totally jealous.
5	I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
4	Honey, I love you too.
5	Ugh. Wait, wait, wait.
5	(to Chandler) Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.
3	Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
5	Eavesdropping. Pheebs, the ceiling tiles were falling down.
2	Oh, I'm sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.
4	Maybe he's just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?
4	Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
1	All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. (gets up) This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! (stops and turns around and asks Rachel) But, is he a big guy?
4	Ah, we'll all go. (motions to Chandler) Come on. (the guys leave)
2	Thanks you guys! Thank you.
2	God, I hope they kick his ass!
0	Y'know if it's any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you. (Rachel nods in agreement)
4	(entering) Hi! Sorry I'm late. Were you sleeping?
4	Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.
4	Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?
4	So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?
4	(outside the door) So I'm gonna take off then!
0	What makes you think that I might not be okay?
0	I'm fine, just a little tired, I'm okay. How's Richard doing?
0	No, I really, really do.
0	You're not just saying that are you?
0	Well, do you think he was waiting 'til after you left, so he could cry?
5	Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
4	No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's (turns and sees his Mom standing where Rachel is)
4	I hate Chandler, the bastard ruined my life. (Rachel starts looking around and down, with a 'What the hell is going on?' look on her face.)
1	If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
1	That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
1	Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
3	C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
1	Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
1	Well, either you break it off with Ronni
1	Then you gotta come clean with Ma! This is not right!
1	I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room!
3	Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?
1	Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.
3	Well, you're gonna.
1	I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
2	Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.
5	Oh, right, that's me!
1	Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.
0	Phoebe, what is it?
2	All right, you know Paolo?
4	I'm familiar with his work, yes...
2	Well, he made a move on me.
1	Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!
3	More coffee over here, please!
2	Oh yeah, I'm sure. (Flashback resumes with Phoebe doing a voiceover.) And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (Flashback continues: Paolo rolls over, Phoebe looks down, then quickly looks up, bites lip, shakes her head)
2	Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
3	So what are you gonna do?
4	You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? (waiting for guys to chime in)
1	Ross, how could you let this happen?
4	I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...
1	You don't think my mom's sexy?
4	Well... not in the same way...
1	I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
4	Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
5	What're you guys doing out here?
4	Well, not playing raquetball!
1	He forgot to leave his grip size!
4	He didn't get the goggles!
5	Well,sounds like you two have issues.
4	Do they wait for me to do this?
3	What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?
1	Uh, uh, we'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.
3	Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby?
1	You got a better idea?
3	All right, call it in the air.
3	We have to assign heads to something.
1	Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.
3	What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?
5	Here. I thought you might be cold. (Hands her a cup of coffee.)
5	Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.
2	Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
2	No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide,"I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat,"I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
5	Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh! (Waves her hand over her head.)
4	Alright. There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey-
3	Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
5	Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
4	Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
5	Well, whaddya think?
0	...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
0	How-how did that happen?
5	I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
0	Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. (She moves it.) Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
2	(to Rachel) I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
3	Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
0	You guys, I am not that bad!
2	Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, (psycho) Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
4	Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
0	Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
3	Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
0	It was a really beautiful service.
3	Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
1	Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)
3	You're watching a football game at a funeral?
1	No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.
3	You are a frightening, frightening man.
5	Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
4	Oh, I hope they're not ruined.
2	God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
4	I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- (Not looking where he is going he falls into an open grave)
3	You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
5	I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
5	(looks at the lasagne and realizes something) Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
0	I gave you one job! (Starts to examin the lasagne through the bottom of the glass pan.)
5	Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
3	Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
0	(puts down the lasagne) I just... can't do it.
3	Boys? We're going in.
0	Wow. That is not a happy hi.
2	(while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it!
0	W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
4	Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. (He enters.)
1	Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
1	Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
1	You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
1	Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
0	Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
1	Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
0	Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
1	Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
0	What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
1	(proud) I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
4	(on phone) Ok, bye. (hangs up) Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
0	No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
2	Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. (Monica gestures at Phoebe to shut up; Joey looks surprised but pleased) Looks like I was second to last.
5	Hmmm... this is so nice.
4	OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
4	OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
4	Yes, yes, that's right...
5	Oh, look at the little cat! (a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross)
0	(to Ross) This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
1	Sorry, that was wax.
2	Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
4	Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
5	During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
3	You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. (Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look)
2	(stops at a door) Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
1	The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
3	(trying to stop Ross leaving) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (Pretending to punch him in the stomach.) Huh? Huh? Huh?
4	What are you doing?
4	Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
5	Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
2	I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
0	Wow, you worked in a mine?
5	God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally - (opens envelope) - not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
3	(looking) Oh, this is not that bad.
1	Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.
4	You can totally, totally live on this.
5	Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.
5	What are you guys doing here?
5	(to a pregnant Leslie) Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
5	(to Joanne) So what's going on with you?
2	- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
3	Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
2	Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
1	What are you talking about? Keep it!
2	It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
5	Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
2	Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
0	We're with you. We got it.
2	Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
5	Chandler, what are you doing?
0	(puling him up) Hey. Whaddya doing?
3	I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.
2	Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
4	So, um, what do you do for a living?
4	Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
4	Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
4	Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin...(struggling)...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
0	You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
3	Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. (reading the candy) Chan and Jan Forever.
4	Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don't, don't just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
4	Um, see, but that's not the final draft.
4	Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler (Chandler waves) brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
4	(to the rest of the gang) We're just gonna be friends.
1	I bet 'ya ya I could fit in there. (points to a hole in the center)
3	I've got five bucks says you can't.
1	Get out your checkbook, mister.
3	Oh, I think I have the cash.
1	You are dogged man! I totally fit!
2	Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
2	Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.
2	Oh yeah, right now.
2	Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.
4	So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
0	I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
3	Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
1	You know more than one Fun Bobby?
3	I happen to know a Fun Bob.
5	(Brings Joey a mug of coffee) Okay, here we go...
5	Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
0	(insistently) No, here's your mail.
5	Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
0	(gives her an envelope) Would you just open it?
5	Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
0	(to Joey) You owe me 20 bucks.
5	Thank you. Thank you so much!
0	(hands Chandler a bag) Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
5	Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
3	All right, I'm nine years old.
4	Oh, I hate this story.
3	We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
5	(crying) No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, (Ross stands up and backs away) it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
4	(crying) Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean.
5	Then how come it is?
2	They've been quiet for a long time.
1	Maybe she killed him?
3	(to Joey) Is that your new walk?
1	(whispering) No, I really have to pee.
0	The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag.
4	Okay, you are totally making this up.
0	How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.
0	Wasn't there a little song?
4	There was no song. (to Monica) There was no song!
4	Okay, that's, that's enough. (retreats to the bathroom)
4	(coming out of the bathroom) Won't you dance around with me.
4	(singing) 'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' (spills some tea and it drips onto his/her dress) Ohhh! (runs away crying)
1	This sucks, I was just up by that much!
0	Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
0	We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
2	Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
0	Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let's kill 'um!
5	Yeah!!! Kill 'um!!!
2	All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
0	All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... (she gets interrupted by the guys, who are doing a slow-motion high five.) Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
5	No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
0	Honey, there's a reason.
5	God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
2	Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
0	All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
0	Thirty-two! Seventy-one! Hike!
3	Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
1	Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
3	Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
3	No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
1	You really think so?
1	Thanks, Chandler. (Snuggles up to him)
0	Hi...May I help you?
0	Okay...who are you?
5	Bathroom's up there.
3	Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
1	Feminist issue. That's where I went!
2	She is gonna hate me.
1	Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? (points to a table)
3	That's patio furniture!
1	So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?"Of course!
1	I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."
1	All right, how about the ladybugs?
3	Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
1	Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
3	Not like that, I won't! (pauses) Kip would have liked the birds! (Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look)
2	Are you moving out?
5	No, these aren't all my suitcases. (picks up small blue suitcase and shows to Phoebe) This one's Paolo's.
2	Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?
1	So are you gonna tell him?
4	Why would I tell him?
1	How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
0	(Entering) What are you guys doing here?
1	Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!
0	What are you doing here?
2	Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
0	I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
2	No. (Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction) No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
0	How would I know? I-I wasn't here.
2	Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?! (Whips back the sheet to reveal him wearing new pajamas.)
4	You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
2	It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
5	Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat."
5	Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.
4	I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
0	That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.
4	Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
0	Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle? (Points to her hand.)
0	Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
4	Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
0	No. But I remember people telling me about it.
4	I hope Ben has a little sister.
0	Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.
4	I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
4	They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.
4	Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
4	Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
5	Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
0	Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
3	Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
0	STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
4	Monica? You're Mom.
2	Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
1	(on phone) Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! (He hangs up and to all.) That was my agent. (He tosses and catches the phone.) My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
0	Well, what's the part?
1	Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
2	Seriously, what-what's the part?
1	"Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!"
4	I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised...
2	Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
2	You missed a belt loop.
2	Okay, it's in spasm.
3	Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
2	Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
4	I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
0	Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
4	Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister (Kisses Monica), I love Pheebs... (Hugs her)
2	Ooh! That's so nice...
4	(hugs him) And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
4	Rachel. Rachel Rachel. (Sits down beside her) I love you the most.
4	Oh.. you don't get it! (Passes out and slumps across her)
3	Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
5	Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
4	Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
2	She is so great! I miss her.
0	What does she mean by 'involved'?
3	I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
4	Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
5	So what are you gonna do?
4	I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father.
1	.....Well, this is still ruined, right?
4	I- I think they're great! I, I really do.
0	I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
3	Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
4	It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.
3	It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
4	So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
3	Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear - you want it to be dirty?
3	Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
0	Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
0	You've never met Bob, have you?
0	Oh my god, Joey, for all we know this guy could be horribly...
0	...horribly attractive. I'll be shutting up now.
3	Where are they? Where are they?
5	Oh. (they knock at the next door, Mr. Heckles answers) Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner.
2	(trying to hold back the struggling cat) He seems to hate you. Are you sure?
2	Wait a minute. What's his name?
2	(the cat runs away from her) Oooh! You are a very bad man!
5	Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
5	(entering with Paolo, arm in arm) Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
5	(proudly) He doesn't speak much English.
4	(jealous) So, um... where did Paolo come from?
5	Oh... Italy, I think.
4	No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.
5	Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!
4	That, that is funny... (to Joey).... and Rachel keeps touching him.
2	Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
2	(to Monica) Look, look, I have elbows! (They scream.)
3	...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! (Passes it to Joey.)
1	Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass! (He kicks it to Ross, but Ross is staring into a shop window.)
3	We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
4	Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- (off Chandler's look) Sorry. Sorry.
4	(points) Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-
4	Actually, nectarines, but basically...
3	(to Joey) Could've been a peach.
4	Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- (looks up, realises, and points) -the bus stop... I'm fine.
1	Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
5	So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
3	And this- is my reward!
4	Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
3	Okay, so this time I won't quit!
3	All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.)
2	Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!
0	Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.
5	This Alan again? How's it goin'?
0	'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
1	So when do we get to meet the guy?
0	Let's see, today's Monday... Never.
0	No. Not after what happened with Steve.
3	What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
0	Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
5	Well, then can we meet him?
0	I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
3	Oh no, you see, actually it is.
4	You did so. I swear, I swear - (noticing Kristin's absence) How long has she been in the bathroom?
4	Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
3	Yeah, you got me. (picks up a 2x4 and puts it through the handles so that the doors won't open) I'm out five big ones! (puts the money in the crack between the door and frame) Here you go.
1	Thank you. Cha-ching! (Chandler starts to leave) Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. (Chandler leaves and closes the door) And the drinks are on me!
1	Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!
5	(Glances at Joey and then sips his coffee) There. Now there is.
4	Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
5	Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
1	Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
4	Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
5	Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
4	Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
4	Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
3	That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
3	Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
3	Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
1	Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.
1	Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?
1	I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.
1	I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.
1	Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?
1	Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?
1	So I guess you all saw it.
2	No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
1	Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
3	Tonight, on a very special Blossom.
0	Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. (notices Ross is depressed) What?
4	I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
5	I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
5	I'm sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn't know what to do.
1	(looking at the timer) Thirty seconds left on the timer!
3	Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
0	Come on! Come on! Hurry! We're running out of time! Huddle up!
2	Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.
0	All right, Phoebe get open. Rachel, go long.
5	(in triumph) I got a touchdown! We did it!!
3	Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
2	Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn't the play still going.
0	Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
3	Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, (to Joey) the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
5	We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
5	Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
5	Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. (She goes into Joey and Chandler's apartment, where Mr. Tribbiani is reading the paper) Hey, Mr. Trib.
5	Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing.
1	(Runs out in a towel) What's the matter with you?!
5	I thought it was Chandler!
5	You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!
3	Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.
2	Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
2	So what's going on?
0	Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.
4	I dunno, there's just something about...
3	Basically we just feel that he's...
4	We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.
2	Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
5	Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.
2	Oh! (sits down) Ok, um, ok, um,
5	Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
2	Ok, um, (clears throat) we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world. (Phoebe opens a tin and offers Rachel a cookie)
2	Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
5	All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
2	Which proves that I never lie.
2	Paolo made a pass at me.
3	So, what do you think?
4	I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
0	So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
1	Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
3	I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
4	Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... (He has caught sight of Joey scowling at him) I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
4	I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
3	(To Joey) You knew about this?
1	Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.
3	I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
1	Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
4	Thanks, man, big help.
3	(To Ross) I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
4	I wasn't- I mean, I-
3	Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
3	I can't believe you did this. (Walks toward the door)
1	Me neither, y'know what-
3	I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
1	What are you mad at me for?!
0	Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. (She picks him up.) Hey, he's not crying.
3	(looking fearfully at Joey) Hey, he's not crying.
1	Yes! (Monica looks at him.) There's still pie.
4	I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
1	Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
4	Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus - Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
3	You, you are gonna love this.
4	(to Monica) Will you hold Ben for a sec? (Hands Ben off and starts to chase Joey and Chandler.) Come here. Come here.
3	(picking up the pie) Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run!
4	C'mon, seriously, Joey, what's the part?
5	..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
1	...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
1	C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
3	Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
1	Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
4	You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?
0	Alright, alright, alright...
1	Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
1	Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
0	Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
3	Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
0	He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!
1	(hides the TV, but he still has an earphone) Just a, uh... hearing disability.
1	Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
5	(still trapped under Ross) Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?
0	Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
0	That sounds like Nana.
0	That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
0	How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
0	Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
0	Thank you. They're yours.
5	Hey, who's this little naked guy?
4	That little naked guy would be me.
0	No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
0	Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
0	I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
0	What's that supposed to mean?
0	(trying desperately to change the subject) So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? (Digs her elbow into his hand.) No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
4	(pulls his hand away) Okay! Okay. (To his parents) Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
1	Your folks are really that bad, huh?
4	Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
2	This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
3	It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
2	Eww, I don't wanna do that.
2	Ok, have a good break-up.
3	Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
3	(covering) What... did you get me there?
3	Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
3	Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
2	Yeah, it was really hard.
3	Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.
5	Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
2	Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
5	Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
3	(gasping) Yes... thank you. That was... that was....
4	(mocking Paolo) Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah....
4	Wha-What did he say that was so funny?
5	I have absolutely no idea.
4	That's... that's classic.
5	(to Monica and Phoebe) Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
0	If you want, I'll do it.
2	I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. (Rachel looks at her) But I won't.
5	God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
5	What? Guys, I'm not.
5	I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
5	Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
0	Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? (She and Phoebe scream.) Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? (She pours the contents of the blender into some glasses.)
0	Weeeell, it's rum, and-
5	Oh, God, ask them what they want.
0	(on phone) Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? (Listens) Yes, hold on. (To Rachel) Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
5	But I haven't used my card in weeks!
5	They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
0	I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
4	Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.
0	Do you all promise?
0	(shouts to Chandler) Chandler? Do you promise to be good?
1	You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
5	What bank is this?
0	Hey. It's him. (On the intercom) Who is it?
1	(shouting to Chandler) Chandler! He's here!
0	Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
0	(to Alan) Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. (Alan exits, to all) Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
4	...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
4	Oh, god. (He puts his head down on the grill) You know, this is still pretty hot. (He picks his head up, and a mushroom sticks to his head. Carol picks it off and eats it.)
4	No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life"thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
4	That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
5	So, um, will you bring the truck?
2	See, there you go, the cleansing works!
5	Oh, they're firemen guys.
4	What, uh... what juggling thing?
3	With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
3	Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
2	Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
2	No, no, he hasn't been around.
2	I know where Minsk is.
2	So when, when do you leave?
0	All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
5	I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
3	Oh, you must stop shooping.
5	Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
1	Chandler, will you just come in already?
3	No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
2	Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
3	Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
1	Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
0	That's not a question.
1	But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
0	All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
4	Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
0	What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
2	Isn't there a national football league.
3	Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights.
5	Oh shoot! I work Monday nights.
2	Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?
1	When they're hungry enough, they'll come in.
4	How come it's always us left in the field holding the ball?
0	I don't know. I guess the other people just don't care enough.
4	Hey! It's starting to snow.
1	Ma! What're you doing here?
1	Hold on, you-you knew?
1	So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
1	Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
1	I'm...happy...for you?
1	Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.
1	Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is.
1	With this ring? (Her engagement ring.) No contest.
2	It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
2	But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
2	Intense and creepy.
0	Heads up Ross! (Monica scores on Chandler and Joey) Score! (points at Chandler) You suck!
2	Ok, I've got milk (takes thermos from her bag and starts to pour a cup) Here you go... (Rachel drinks straight from thermos) Oh!(Rachel finishes thermos) Better?
2	I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
5	Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!
2	I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!
2	No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
5	I don't know...right, he's the pig!
5	Oh, God, he's such a pig,
5	He's like a big disgusting...
5	(voice wavers) Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
2	(raises hand) Oh! I know! (Rachel startled) It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
2	Should I not have told you?
3	You gotta let me slam the door! (Leaves; slams the door)
1	(Shouting after him) Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?
1	Ah! (Points to door) Huh? (Leaves and slams the door)
0	(Reading) 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
5	Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
0	(Reads) Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
2	Going to the hospital tonight?
2	Okay, maybe it was a trick question. (Plays a few chords) Um, Rachel can we do this now?
5	Okay. (Writes a little more) I am so hot!
2	Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.
2	You wanna try it again?
2	Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?
2	That's too much. Sorry.
3	C'mon, we're roommates! (He goes into the bathroom, screams, and runs back out.) My eyes!! My eyes!!
3	Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
0	Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
3	Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. (He starts to raid the fridge.)
5	Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
3	No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? (He has armloads of stuff.)
0	Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
1	Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
1	Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.
1	Well, I'm- I'm showering.
1	Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
5	Aww, look at the little thing.
4	Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
3	Who are those people?
0	Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
5	Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
0	Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
4	Looks like a fun gang. (They all look at each other and smile)
1	Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
4	(looking) Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something.
3	So how's it going there in Financial Services?
3	Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
3	So you don't think I have a, a quality?
0	Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- (To Ross) -I'd want yours.
2	Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.
2	Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
5	All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave.)
0	Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
3	Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
5	The lights, please..
4	...How long was I in there?
5	I'm just cleaning up.
4	D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help?
5	Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down.)
4	Anyway.. um.. (Starts to sweep.) So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
5	So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
2	Ok, you weren't there.
5	Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.
5	But I saved it. I put my basket on top.
5	Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
4	Was your basket on top?
5	Yeah, but, there were no suds.
5	Well, you know, no suds, no save.
4	No suds? Excuse me, hold on a second. (to woman) That's my friend's machine.
2	You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... (they stare at her)... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
5	Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
4	Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
4	No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
4	So you do know a little English.
4	That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel!
2	Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... (time lapse)... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... (someone blows it out, the room gets completely dark)
4	Kinda... spooky without any lights.
4	OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah...
1	Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.
0	(pauses then on the phone) Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
4	(squeezing past people) Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
3	What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
1	C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.
0	You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!
5	Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?
2	You are just like Jack.
5	...Jack from downstairs?
2	No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
0	Ah, the other Jack.
5	Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
2	Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.
5	But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...
0	So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
5	And did you notice...? (She spreads her thumb and index finger.)
1	Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
2	Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
2	From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
4	...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
5	What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
3	Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression)
4	You know what I like most about him, though?
4	The way he makes me feel about myself.
0	Hi.. how was the game?
0	Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?
2	Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so (Puts on a fake cheery voice) congratulations! This is so exciting!
2	Oh, you're not going? (Fake disappointed voice) Oh, why?
2	So-so you're really not going?
2	Oh, but I can't do that-
2	It's your thing, and-
2	Getting so good at that! (She hops on)
2	Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
0	Why would we do that?
2	Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
0	Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
5	Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. (she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis) Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
3	The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
5	I can't, I gotta go.
3	Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
4	Ok, ok, here we go. (he crouches down near her stomach) Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
4	Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
4	(quickly talking) Hello, baby. Hello, hello.
5	I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
2	But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
2	You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
0	So you talked to your dad, huh.
1	Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
3	Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
1	Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
5	Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
3	If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
2	Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.
2	I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
5	No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
2	I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
1	No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
4	Come on, two on one.
3	What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
1	Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
3	My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! (Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same direction)
0	Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, (shows Rachel gesturing with hands in front of her chest), Ok, that is either, "How could you?"or, "Enormous breasts!"Here he comes!
0	Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, (hands him a lasagna) but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
4	Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say... (shuts door in his face and walks away)
2	Oh, just look at her... (girls move toward Rachel on the balcony)
4	Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
4	(pulls Monica back) ...and I really think it should be me.
5	Ooh, I've been better...
1	(To Ross, on the couch) Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
4	I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
1	C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
5	(Into microphone) Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
2	Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. (Monica gives her a look) 'Kay. (Sung:)
5	(Into mike) Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo!
4	Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...
3	Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? (Goes to the counter)
1	(Laughing) Mother-Kisser... (Sees Ross's look) I'll shut up.
4	Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
3	Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
4	Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
1	I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
3	God, I love these fingers...
3	No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
3	Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (He kisses her and pulls her back down.)
3	(to himself) Too bad, she's leaving.
3	Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
3	What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
3	I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
3	Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
3	Out of my league. I could get a Brian. (Brian enters behind him) If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. (Sees him) Hey, Brian.
4	Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
5	Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
5	Remember when we were in high school together?
5	I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross?
5	Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. (She leans back onto his hand.)
4	(entering) Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
4	How could I forget?
4	(they shake hands) Hello, Susan. (To Carol) Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
4	..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-
4	-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
4	Okay, that's great. (Susan gives her drink to Carol.) No, I'm- Oh.
4	Hey, hey, hey, that's not the rule and you know it.
4	(to the crowd in the laundromat) All right, show's over. Nothing to see here. (to Rachel) Ok, let's do laundry.
5	That was amazing. I can't even send back soup.
4	Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent.
4	Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
5	Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
4	Rach, have you never done this before?
5	Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
4	Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
5	(holds a pair of panties in front of Ross) Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
3	Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
3	Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
2	Oh, like that's a word.
5	Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
2	Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
5	Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?
4	Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
3	(to Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
3	Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!
3	Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (The receptionist glares at him.)
1	Well, how long do you think it'll be?
4	Hey, this- (she gives him a look and the guys back off) Heyy...
5	I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.
0	No, you were right. I don't have a plan. (There's a knock on the door.)
4	He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
5	I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
3	Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
0	Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
0	..I dunno, a little too Alan?
5	Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.
4	Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.
3	I personally could have a gallon of Alan.
2	I brought you alphabet soup.
2	Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.)
2	No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
2	No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
3	You remember Janice.
1	Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! (She enters, followed by a young boy and a younger girl)...You brought your kids.
0	That thing is not coming in here.
4	'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
0	I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
4	Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
0	Alright. Just keep him away from me.
4	Thank you. (She walks off) C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? (Marcel runs off) Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
0	Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
5	Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
2	And then... your face is bloated?
5	No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip?
2	Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
0	Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
5	We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.
5	Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."
0	No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"
5	No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".
5	Oh, I gotta get my ticket!
1	Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.
0	Well then get it, get it!
1	That tone will not make me go any faster.
4	And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
2	Hey, Joey. What's going on?
1	Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green. (He goes into the bathroom. We hear a scream and he comes out, closely followed by Monica in a towel)
0	Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!
1	Sorry. Wrong boobies.
4	Come here. (he hugs Rachel) Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
5	I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. (Ross crosses arms)
5	Oh Ross, you're so great!
0	Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
5	...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
4	See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
5	No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
4	Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
5	No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
4	I-I'm, I'm having a boy?
5	Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
4	Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy! (babbling) Huh, am I having a boy?
4	I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy!
4	I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!
3	Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!
4	(To the rest of Central Perk) We're rehearsing a Greek play.
3	That's very funny. We done now?
4	No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
3	That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
4	Okay, 'you' can't, or (Points to Chandler) you can't? (Chandler grabs his finger) Okay, that's my finger. (Chandler twists it and Ross goes down on one knee) That's, that's my knee. (To Central Perk) Still doing the play. Aaah!
2	Alright, whadyou do with him?
2	Look at you! How, how do you feel?
0	I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.
2	Well, we both have.
2	Well, actually it's just from me.
0	I got you the foot massager.
2	You know who shaved you? That was me.
0	Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?"Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"
3	Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
3	Lose the other guys.
3	C'mon, we're great together, why not?
3	...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
3	I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
5	I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!
4	So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
4	Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?
4	Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
4	'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
5	Oh, not much. I-I got a job.
5	Why are- why are you so tanned?
4	(visibly nervous) Uh, that, that, that would be a judgment call.
0	(to Joey) He is so cute. (to Angela and Bob) So, where did you guys grow up?
0	How, how did that happen?
1	I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But I'm not.
1	So, you and Angela, huh?
1	You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
1	Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.
1	Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.
0	I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.
0	It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
5	Thank God. Food. (She goes to answer the door.)
0	Do you have a plan?
2	I don't even have a 'pl'.
5	(miserably) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.
0	(leaping off of the couch and runs up) Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'
0	Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?
0	Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?
2	And-and a power tie?
0	Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza! (Rachel pays him, Monica grabs some binoculars, and runs to the window.)
5	Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?
2	Big Bird's friend.
2	Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! (She runs up and takes the binoculars.)
2	Oh, that's fine, no.
2	No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
2	Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
2	I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
3	Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
2	Does, um, anyone wanna see?
5	It's worse than the thumb!
3	Hey, this is so unfair!
0	Oh, why is it unfair?
3	So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
1	...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
1	Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
4	(Watching Marcel play with Phoebe. To Chandler) Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
3	(Imitating) But you found me!
3	Kill me. Kill me now.
0	Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
1	(Approaching) Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
3	Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
3	I'm sorry you misunderstood...
3	Oh, will you give me the thing. (Snatches the camera)
4	Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?
4	Does it always, uh--?
1	Nope, not that one.
0	Can you go any faster with that?
1	Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
0	Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
3	(sarcastic) For an emergency just like this.
5	(grabs Chandler by the shirt) All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this (makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits) right now. But I'm not.
0	I swear you said you had the keys.
5	No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
4	I'm having a son. Um...
0	Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!
1	Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
0	You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! (Joey and Chandler pick her up) All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, (they throw her out) and I'm gone.
2	I don't think you mean that.
0	This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!"Let's go, Phoebe.
2	Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
3	No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
3	You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect.
4	Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
1	Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
1	No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
1	Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
4	'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
1	That makes more sense.
4	So, what's going on now?
3	Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
0	Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
4	No? What happened, big guy?
4	It felt like a 'big guy' moment.
1	Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
5	Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
3	Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
1	Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
0	Maybe this wasn't your shot.
4	Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
1	Hard to tell, I was naked.
2	No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
5	Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?
5	Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!
5	Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs!
5	And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
5	Anyway, um, (Gets the ring out of her purse.) I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.
0	Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
2	Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
3	Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
5	Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
4	That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? (the buzzer on the washer goes off) I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross...(opens up the washer) Uh-oh.
4	(not wanting to tell her) Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. (singing) Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
5	Ross, what's the matter?
4	Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
4	All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
5	Oh, everything's pink.
4	Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
5	Hello? Who are we spying on?
0	White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
5	Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
2	Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.
0	Please tell me it's his mother.
2	Definitely not his mother.
2	Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- (Yelling) Hey, that's not for you, bitch! (Phoebe covers her mouth with her hand walks away from the window.)
3	Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (She slides the gladd panel over and Chandler talks through it in a loud voice.) Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (To the waiting room.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (She slides the panel back, he turns, and it takes him by surprise.) Ba-!
0	Oh. Maybe they're- napping.
5	Oh please, they're having sex.
5	So, whaddya think George is like?
0	Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
4	I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
3	Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
5	Well, I-I could live without it.
1	Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
4	Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.
1	Oh, (Imitating Ross) "you do, do you"?
4	You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.
5	"Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
2	Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
5	Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.
0	Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?
0	Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.
0	I know.. it's gonna be really hard.
0	No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.
1	Do you have any respect for your body?
2	You're going to Minsk.
2	Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
2	Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say (Hits him) 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
2	Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. (He does so) And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
2	And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. (They kiss) I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
3	(To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)
2	Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.
0	Why would I have the keys?
5	Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
5	Well, you should have.
0	Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! (starting to cry) Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
3	Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
0	Well, the turkey's burnt. (checking pots) Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
4	Here we come, walkin' down the - this doesn't smell like Mom's.
0	No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? (picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes) Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
5	Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
1	Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
0	Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
1	You call that delicious?
0	Stop it, stop it, stop it!
1	I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. (Looks through the spyhole)
1	Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
3	Yeah, why not. (They shake hands) So I told her.
3	Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.
3	Pretty good! I told her.
4	Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? (Wags his finger at Chandler, then puts it down) But.. we don't have to go down that road.
5	Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
1	You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
5	Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
4	Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
5	Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!
1	Yeah? That's so nice! (They hug.)
0	I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
5	Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?
5	Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
0	Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever. (He goes to her room.)
4	Helen Geller? I don't think so.
4	What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?
4	Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?
4	Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.
4	No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
4	Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
5	Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
0	Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
0	Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
1	Come on, they're close.
0	Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
1	Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
0	Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it's - not really true, is it?
1	Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...
0	Oh my god, what were you thinking?
1	All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
1	Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.
1	Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
0	I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.
1	Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.
3	Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, (Chandler flails his hand out and hits Janice in the eye)... boom.
1	He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
4	Look, it's just a little more complicated...
3	Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
4	Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
4	My first time with Carol was... (He mumbles the last part)
3	So in your whole life, you've only been with one - (He gets a look too) - oh.
1	Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
0	Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
0	Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
2	Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
0	What?! You slept with Jason?
4	Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
3	Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
5	(holding the phone out to Chandler) Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
3	Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.)
4	If only he were a woman.
3	Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
4	Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. (Does so.)
0	(entering) Hey. Where's Joey?
3	Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
5	I think he's across the hall.
3	(deadpan) Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
4	Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
2	Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
2	Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
3	Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
5	Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.
5	The bll is drrbing!
3	And the moment of joy is upon us.
1	Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.
2	Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
0	Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
3	Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. (Makes kiss noise)
2	I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
5	I can't kiss anyone.
0	So I'm kissing everyone?
1	Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.
4	Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
3	Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
3	Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
2	Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
1	I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
0	Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
2	It's nice that he has someone.
3	Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
4	I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
0	(holding sandwich) Does anybody wanna split this with me?
2	Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
2	Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
3	I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
4	And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
5	And a crappy New Year.
4	My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
4	You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.
4	Well? Isn't that amazing?
1	What are we supposed to be seeing here?
3	I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
2	You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
4	Then don't do that, alright?
4	(walks over to where Monica is standing)Monica. Whaddya think?
4	Wh- are you welling up?
4	You are, you're welling up.
4	You're gonna be an aunt.
3	Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
3	(to Phoebe) I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
2	Oh my god. (Chandler downs another espresso.) How many of those have you had?
3	Oh, I don't know, a million?
2	Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
3	I'm not fine. Here she comes.
2	Wait here. Breathe.
3	How do you do that?
3	We should always always break up together.
4	You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.
5	Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
2	You'd already broken up.
5	Okay, okay, okay, I got one! (She sits up and the cushion she was leaning against falls off of the balcony.) Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
0	Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!
5	I was laughing! You made me laugh! (Monica and Rachel start to squabble)
2	There he is! There he is!
2	Right- where we've been looking all night!
0	Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!
1	Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?
3	I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...
3	No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (Ross enters off camera)
3	Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
2	And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
1	(dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower) What's going on?
0	Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
1	Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
0	Please, guys, we have to talk.
0	Alright, we have to talk.
0	Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
4	Is there somebody else?
0	No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
5	We didn't change..
1	So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
2	You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- (starts chewing her hair)
0	Look, I- I could go on pretending-
0	-but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
1	Alrightalrightalright. (Kisses him. Ross takes a photo) There.
4	(Watching Marcel and talking to Rachel) I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
5	...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.
5	Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
5	I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
5	Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
5	All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
5	(to Ross) Yes! Did you see that?
4	You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
5	I could not have done this without you.
4	Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? (Ross turns and bangs his head on an open dryer door.) I'm fine, I'm fine.
5	Oh, are you sure you're ok?
5	Does it still hurt?
2	(seeing Rachel's clothes) What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.
0	We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
4	Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
1	Oh, ah- the kid has it.
4	The kid...? (To the kid) Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.
3	You gotta do it, man.
4	(to the kid) Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever - (to Chandler) - can't do it. (to the kid) Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
4	'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!
4	(tries to snatch it from the kid) GIVE ME MY PUCK!! (but it files out of his grasp and knocks out the receptionist)
4	(Doing the spinning) Okay, Monica: Right foot red.
4	Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. (Phoebe has to bend over.)Good. (Joey stares at her butt appreciatively)
5	Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
3	Alright. (on phone) Yes, this is Rachel.
5	Nooo! (She grabs the phone and Chandler takes her place on the mat.) (On phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. (Listens) Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
4	Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
3	(sarcastic) Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
5	(tearful) I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
0	I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
0	Are you guys gonna be okay?
4	Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.
0	I'm, I'm really sorry.
5	Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
4	What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.
2	Oh, he needed some time to grieve.
3	I'm free! I'm free!
4	Green. To the green.
5	(on phone) I've got magic beans. (Listens) Never-never mind.
3	To the left, to the left- aww! (They all collapse)
5	(on phone) Ohhh... I'm fine.
4	Yeah. He could row like a viking.
2	Did he mention us?
0	He said he's really gonna miss you guys. (dubious look)
4	You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere. (She sits down and Ross strokes her forehead.)
3	...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.
3	(leaving) I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
2	(shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
